[15:59] <liushuyu> o/
[15:59] <cpete> o/
[15:59] <Skia> o/
[16:00] <ginggs> o/
[16:00] <schopin> \o
[16:00] <mateus-morais> o/
[16:00] <dbungert> o/
[16:01] <juliank> o/
[16:01] <ogayot> o/
[16:01] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[16:01] <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:01:20 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[16:01] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[16:01] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[16:01] <pushkarnk> o/
[16:01] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-18-january-2024/
[16:03] <zhsj> o/
[16:03] <mkukri> o/
[16:04] <adrien> \o
[16:05] <bdmurray> "lost some time learning that a tab after the filename in patches is needed when the filename contains spaces" that sounds awful
[16:06] <ravikant_> o/
[16:07]  * vorlon waves
[16:07] <mclemenceau_> o/
[16:08] <schopin> bdmurray: yeah I scratched my head vigorously when upils came to me on that one.
[16:10] <bdmurray> Could somebody elaborate on it?
[16:10] <vorlon> why would you have a tab after a filename in a patch
[16:10] <vorlon> sorry
[16:10] <vorlon> why would you have content after a filename in a patch
[16:10] <cpete> why does the filename contain spaces?
[16:10] <vorlon> because it's legal
[16:11] <schopin> because patch(1) is weird that way?
[16:11] <bdmurray> even cpete is old enough to know don't use spaces in a filename
[16:11] <vorlon> I guell diff $oldfile $newfile means you have to have a delimeter
[16:11] <schopin> if you don't have the \t it won't be able to parse the filename correctly if it has spaces in it.
[16:11] <vorlon> oh you mean a filename with nothing after it except a magic \t ?!
[16:12] <schopin> Yes.
[16:12] <vorlon> and you ended up with a patch where you had to manually add this?
[16:12] <schopin> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/patch/+bug/862280
[16:12] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 862280 in patch (Ubuntu) "Patch cannot handle spaces in filenames" [Undecided, Confirmed]
[16:12] <vorlon> hngh
[16:12] <juliank> OK um let's move on?
[16:12] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[16:12] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:12] <schopin> Combine that with people using fancy editors that will remove trailing whitespace automatically...
[16:13] <bdmurray> Who would do that?
[16:13] <dbungert> sounds like a text editor bug
[16:13] <juliank> doko raised bug 2049686 and assigned it to the security team
[16:13] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2049686 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "dpkg-buildflags: emit build flags for negated features" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2049686
[16:13] <juliank> I'm not sure why it's also tagged incoming
[16:14] <juliank> This seems like work we need to do and not the security team?
[16:15] <juliank> Well I pinged doko on the bug for more info
[16:15] <juliank> We can revisit it next week?
[16:15] <juliank> bug 1838372
[16:15] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1838372 in apport (Ubuntu) "'ubuntu-bug -w' doesn't work under wayland" [Wishlist, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1838372
[16:16] <juliank> so we said this probably isn't possible under wayland but I don't think anyone had some spare time and interest to check?
[16:17] <schopin> We should probably create a spike card and untag.
[16:18] <juliank> creating one
[16:18] <juliank> FR-6347
[16:18] <vorlon> but also I don't think that's noble-critical
[16:19] <vorlon> or noble-realistic
[16:19] <juliank> it's also not targeted to noble, so I guess it's ok
[16:19] <juliank> And I dropped the tag
[16:20] <juliank> bug 2049529
[16:20] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2049529 in shadow (Ubuntu) "Extra ZFS-related log line with `useradd -m -R /path`" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2049529
[16:20] <juliank> I remember similar bug elsewhere (but don't remember where) and I believe we should probably fix that
[16:20] <vorlon> agree
[16:21] <juliank> targeted and tagged todo
[16:21] <Skia> that would be great! â¥
[16:21] <juliank> bug 2049540
[16:21] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2049540 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "hundreds of differences in module list between initramfs-tools version 0.142ubuntu10 and version 0.142ubuntu11" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2049540
[16:22] <vorlon> yes
[16:22] <juliank> so yes, targeted and tagged todo
[16:22] <vorlon> dracut-install was meant to be a drop-in replacement for previous initramfs-tools behavior so this should be treated as critical
[16:23] <juliank> I'm setting importance to high
[16:23] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:24] <juliank> We still only have bugs in the queue that are actually for desktop, so skipping
[16:24] <juliank> http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs is empty
[16:24] <juliank> http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs is empty
[16:24] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[16:24] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[16:25] <adrien> I didn't finish libxcrypt (or libcryptx?) and ruby but it's in progress
[16:25] <danilogondolfo> browsers crashing in 3... 2... 1...
[16:25] <juliank> so vorlon I assigned I think 3 items last week in alphabetical order increasing, so we gotta kind of go backwards or something to make it fair :)
[16:25] <vorlon> heh
[16:25] <vorlon> well 2 weeks ago is the last time I assigned anything
[16:25] <vorlon> let's see here
[16:26] <dbungert> textmode browsers can give better results when the proposed-migration report gets this long
[16:26] <bdmurray> dbungert: a what?
[16:26] <adrien> heh, update_excuses_by_team seems to require much more memory than update_excuses
[16:26] <dbungert> bdmurray: like links or w3m
[16:27] <vorlon> python-werkzeug looks like last week was moved from slyon to pushkarnk
[16:27] <vorlon> pushkarnk: is this still in progress?
[16:27] <pushkarnk> vorlon: I have 2 MPs under review
[16:28] <vorlon> ok
[16:28] <vorlon> debconf is assigned to enr0n - you ok to keep that?
[16:29] <enr0n> vorlon: yes - I triggered a retry earlier in the week but never saw a result, so I tried again
[16:30] <vorlon> sorry, browser crashed (uh because of that page's memory usage probably), taking a minute to get back in order here
[16:31] <bdmurray> enr0n: and it was queued again when you retried it?
[16:31] <juliank> still need to sort out python-apt and apt it's a bit messy right now
[16:31] <enr0n> bdmurray: yes
[16:31] <vorlon> netplan.io vs wpa: ogayot was working on this and raised an MP against britney to badtest it which I rejected
[16:31] <vorlon> ogayot: are you still working on this?
[16:32] <ogayot> vorlon: yes, I'm still working on it, with slyon's help too
[16:32] <vorlon> ok
[16:32] <vorlon> libxcrypt: adrien: are you ok to keep this?
[16:33] <adrien> yeah
[16:33] <adrien> I solved it locally, I need to do an MR
[16:33] <vorlon> apt vs systemd: I don't see this one mentioned as currently assigned
[16:33] <vorlon> so I guess that brings us to the new stuff
[16:33] <adrien> btw, it's impacting ncurses too I think (it's purely in ruby, and everything ruby3.1 will fail)
[16:36] <vorlon> ok, apt vs systemd. enr0n you uploaded systemd, do you want to follow up on this or do you want someone else to take it?
[16:37] <vorlon> looks like there are a good number of autopkgtests needing sorted for systemd, not just apt
[16:37] <enr0n> vorlon: I am working on another systemd upload (real failures in systemd's tests), so yes consider that with me
[16:37] <vorlon> ok
[16:37] <vorlon> enr0n: I assume systemd-hwe is similar, since it's your upload and it's your autopkgtests that are failing
[16:38] <enr0n> vorlon: yes, systemd-hwe needs the new systemd
[16:38] <vorlon> but doesn't declare a versioned dependency on it?
[16:39] <juliank> heh I said the same thing but I don't remember wehre
[16:39] <vorlon> (if it needs the new systemd at runtime and you declare a versioned dependency for this the autopkgtests would just dtrt I think; and also it would dtrt on the user's system...)
[16:39] <vorlon> gnutls28, I'll take; just some autopkgtests to chase on ppc64el it looks like
[16:39] <schopin> Wouldn't the autopkgtests just end up with all-proposed?
[16:40] <vorlon> um and then the perl transition
[16:40] <vorlon> so I'm not going to try to dig through here to find things to assign out
[16:40] <juliank> heh
[16:40] <vorlon> juliank: back to you :)
[16:41] <enr0n> it's just for autopkgtest; the path to a test binary changed
[16:41] <juliank> I still am sorting out apt and python-apt, enr0n are you planning any ubuntu-release-upgrader upload?
[16:41] <vorlon> enr0n: ok
[16:41] <enr0n> juliank: no nothing planned at the moment
[16:41] <juliank> Otherwise I can go and upload a version that adapts to the new deb822 ordering changes in python-apt myself
[16:41] <juliank> ack
[16:41] <juliank> #topic AOB
[16:42] <tsimonq2> I know I'm not a part of this meeting, but https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/lxc/+bug/2039873 is something that's been going on for a while. My suggestion would be to ask Foundations to help. Either way, now you know. *bows back out*
[16:42] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2039873 in lxc (Ubuntu) "liblxc-dev was built with LXC_DEVEL=1 in Ubuntu 22.04 and later releases" [Undecided, Confirmed]
[16:42] <bdmurray> I'll be out tomorrow afternoon in case anyone notices
[16:42] <juliank> The lxc stuff is being discussed with server team
[16:42] <tsimonq2> <3
[16:43] <juliank> So deb822 ubuntu.sources will be relatively forcefully merged by python-apt and not very good at preserving local layout changes - if it can merge two paragraphs together, it will
[16:43] <juliank> You can give them separate comments and it won't
[16:44] <juliank> We need to revisit a deb822 native experience that is better at preserving layout, ultimately the experience would be worse with the current API without that level of merging
[16:45] <juliank> (because it needs to split up entries some times, and you then want them to not remain split if you undo your change, you know)
[16:45] <adrien> vorlon: I didn't have time to dig in the exim/gnutls one yet but it can/should be for me
[16:46] <adrien> (but I don't have a ppc64el machine which might be annoying for reproducing the issue)
[16:47] <vorlon> adrien: oh ok
[16:47] <juliank> Oh we've been silent for a minute, not counting vorlon's oh ok, so I guess we can call it
[16:47] <juliank> #endmeeting
[16:47] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 16:47:45 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-01-18-16.01.moin.txt
[16:55] <pushkarnk> bfn \o
[17:03] <arraybolt3> sarnold: where did you vanish to :P the Matrix Council meeting is active
