[14:49] <adrien> o/
[14:59] <zhsj> o/
[15:00] <Skia> o7
[15:00] <ravikant_> o/
[15:00] <bdrung> \o
[15:00] <ginggs> o/
[15:01] <slyon> o/
[15:01] <juliank> o/
[15:01] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:01] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:16 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:01] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:01] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:01] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-07-11/
[15:01] <ogayot> o/
[15:02] <mateus-morais> o/
[15:02] <dviererbe> o/
[15:02] <pushkarnk> \o
=== rkratky__ is now known as rkratky
[15:03]  * vorlon waves
[15:04] <xypron> o/
[15:07] <schopin> o/
[15:08] <schopin> No status from me right now, I'm a *bit* late and I'd rather read yours ;)
[15:09] <bdmurray> I thought hibernate wasn't "supported"
[15:09] <mkukri> o/
[15:10] <schopin> vorlon: "used my skills as a native speaker of English" Hah!
[15:10] <bdmurray> aren't references links?
[15:10] <schopin> don't focus on the links
[15:10] <vorlon> some of them were actually <link>s :)
[15:11] <vorlon> (ok ok <a href)
[15:11] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:11] <juliank> (no incoming bugs today!)
[15:12] <bdmurray> speaking of native english "Begun investigating"?
[15:12] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[15:12] <juliank> vorlon: You weren't here last week, but we have a new tool for proposed migration!
[15:12] <juliank> But it's an internal link
[15:12] <schopin> we do?
[15:12] <vorlon> ?
[15:13] <vorlon> so are we not doing rls incoming bugs first?
[15:14] <schopin> Apparently no incoming bugs today.
[15:14] <schopin> We're doing too good a job.
[15:14] <vorlon> for any series? ok
[15:14] <bdmurray> I did have a question about bug 2043820
[15:14] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2043820 in firefox (Ubuntu Noble) "Unable to contact snap store on Xubuntu from Jammy to Noble" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2043820
[15:14] <bdmurray> enr0n: were you going to pick that up again?
[15:15] <schopin> I also have one that I didn't tag (because it wouldn't have made it to the page anyway, too late)
[15:15] <enr0n> bdmurray: I need to prioritize, but can certainly add it to my backlog
[15:16] <schopin> bug 2044104: fheimes thinks it'd be nice to have in Oracular
[15:16] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2044104 in systemd (Ubuntu Noble) "[UBUNTU 20.04] chzdev -e is rebuilding initramfs even with zdev:early=0 set" [Medium, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2044104
[15:17] <bdmurray> I think it'd be good to sort out the upgrade bug before 24.04.1
[15:18] <vorlon> it is tagged foundations-todo
[15:18] <vorlon> ... since December
[15:19] <schopin> Goes to show how good we are at backlog grooming, I guess?
[15:19] <bdrung> I commented it in December
[15:19] <enr0n> I can propose this in Debian, sure
[15:20] <enr0n> bdmurray: I think that's fine. I just don't know if I will get to it next pulse
[15:20] <schopin> re the s390-tools one, I can assign it to me to try and figure out what the next step should be.
[15:20] <vorlon> sounds good!
[15:21] <vorlon> so, proposed-migration
[15:21] <vorlon> pyopenssl: assigned to adrien
[15:21] <vorlon> apport: assigned to schopin
[15:22] <vorlon> fakeroot: assigned to zhsj
[15:22] <vorlon> dh-cargo: assigned to Skia
[15:22] <Skia> this one is almost done, you can give me something else if needed
[15:22] <vorlon> gcc-13-cargo: assigned to doko, who isn't here?  I might steal this one
[15:22] <vorlon> (needs an AA)
[15:23] <vorlon> glibc: assigned to schopin
[15:23] <vorlon> gcc-defaults, just waiting for gcc-13*
[15:24] <vorlon> bpfcc/bpftrace blocking linux; seems this needs assigned out
[15:26] <vorlon> mkukri: bpf{cc,trace}
[15:26] <vorlon> glibc is blocking linux-meta; but I assume that should be taken from the kernel team side unless they escalate it to us explicitly
[15:27] <schopin> I haven't heard anything from them.
[15:28] <vorlon> libxml-libxml-perl - ah I see this is a fix from Debian from the thing mentioned in Zixing's +1 maintenance report, which I commented on :)
[15:28] <vorlon> so now just blocked on libxml2 itself which is not ours
[15:29] <vorlon> and various test failures with new openssl; adrien are you on these, or do you want us to divide them up?
[15:29] <adrien> most are DEB_HOST_ARCH
[15:29] <adrien> so the question actually goes to bdrung
[15:30] <bdrung> for DEB_HOST_ARCH we have our master bug https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/2071468
[15:30] <vorlon> if that's the case then presumably a baseline retest would show they've regressed in the release pocket?
[15:30] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2071468 in texinfo (Ubuntu) "ELF package metadata failure: environment variable âDEB_HOST_ARCHâ not defined" [High, Triaged]
[15:30] <adrien> one or two are not and I'll be looking at them (right now I'm doing some python-oauth2client)
[15:30] <vorlon> (libtpms is on the list, but shows a test regression only on armhf, hrm)
[15:30] <adrien> vorlon: indeed; I don't know if Benjamin has specific plans
[15:31] <adrien> baseline failed everywhere else I think :/
[15:31] <vorlon> well I'm saying that whoever is responsible for this should just do a --no-proposed rerun of the tests
[15:32] <vorlon> adrien, bdrung: so which of you is responsible :)
[15:32] <adrien> I can't look at that but probably tomorrow morning
[15:32] <bdrung> vorlon, adrien and he can hand over the DEB_HOST_ARCH ones to me
[15:33] <vorlon> this is all very confusing and I have just gone ahead and run `retry-autopkgtest-regressions --blocks openssl --no-proposed` here
[15:34] <vorlon> anyway, that's everything for today then
[15:34] <vorlon> juliank:
[15:34] <juliank> #topic AOB
[15:36] <vorlon> sounds like no :)
[15:37] <juliank> #endmeeting
[15:37] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:37:16 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-07-11-15.01.moin.txt
[15:38] <juliank> au revoir, arrivederci, hasta luego, auf Wiedersehen!
[15:38] <schopin> Kenavo!
[15:39]  * schopin is preparing juliank for DebConf Brest ;)
=== dviererbe1 is now known as dviererbe
