=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[16:00] <bdrung> \o
[16:00] <mateus-morais> o/
[16:00] <Skia> o7
[16:00] <mkukri> o/
[16:01] <zhsj> o/
[16:01] <ravikant_> o/
[16:01] <pushkarnk> o/
[16:01] <r41k0u> o/
[16:01] <xypron> o/
[16:01] <liushuyu> å¢/
[16:01] <liushuyu> o/
[16:01] <adrien> \o
[16:02] <andersson123> o/
[16:03] <waveform> o.O
[16:03] <uralt> o/
[16:04] <dviererbe> o/
[16:04] <bdrung> #startmeeting
[16:04] <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:04:44 UTC.  The chair is bdrung.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[16:04] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[16:05] <bdrung> #topic Lightning rounds
[16:05] <bdrung> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-11-28
[16:15] <bdrung> no questions? ready to move on?
[16:16] <bdrung> #topic Release incoming bugs
[16:16] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:17] <bdrung> bug #2089151
[16:17] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2089151 in apt (Ubuntu) "apt-daily and apt-daily-upgrade may never actually run" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2089151
[16:17] <schopin> shall we punt this to next week's meeting?
[16:18] <bdrung> let's keep it until next week for juliank to be present
[16:19] <bdrung> bug #2089690
[16:19] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2089690 in rust-sequoia-sq (Ubuntu) "[MIR] rust-sequoia-sq" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2089690
[16:20] <schopin> That's Julian again, isn't it?
[16:20] <adrien> too early, needs to be worked on
[16:20] <adrien> yup
[16:20] <adrien> we didn't complete the MIR, it's from two days ago I think
[16:21] <adrien> I'm not sure we have a consensus yet for that
[16:21] <juliank> o/
[16:22] <juliank> Yeah I guess next week
[16:22] <bdrung> okay, moving on
[16:22] <ravikant_> lets tag todo?
[16:23] <ravikant_> ah, keep for discussion next week.
[16:23] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:23] <bdrung> bug #1874927
[16:23] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1874927 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "do-release-upgrade's upgradeable package check doesn't consider kept back packages" [Low, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874927
[16:28] <bdrung> is ignoring phased updates the right approach or do we want users to install the updates ignoring the phase before the upgrade?
[16:31] <bdrung> juliank will comment on it
[16:32] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:33] <bdrung> bug #1888347
[16:33] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1888347 in lvm2 (Ubuntu) "blk-availability unmounts filesystems before applications have finished using them" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1888347
[16:37] <ravikant_> this one is weird, importance is High but the incoming tag was dropped without a comment. could you please triage^?
=== JanC is now known as Guest723
[16:41] <schopin> I think it's just a matter of backporting a fix?
[16:41] <schopin> ... and then do the SRU dance :)
[16:41] <ravikant_> bdrung: lets re-visit this later?
[16:41] <bdrung> okay
[16:41] <bdrung> bug #2088268
[16:41] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2088268 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd /tmp cleaning removes files that it shouldn't" [Low, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2088268
[16:42] <ravikant_> schopin: did you find the fix for the previous bug?
[16:42] <schopin> If you look at the Debian bug it's been closed in a upload. I haven't dug into what they did to fix it.
[16:43] <ravikant_> schopin: thanks
[16:44] <schopin> For the last one, personally I'd mark it as Opinion.
[16:46] <bdrung> then you have to argue against the "security bug" reasoning
[16:46] <juliank> So, assign it to the security team for security considerations :D
[16:46] <ravikant_> I think it is waiting for Desktop Packages's opinion
[16:46] <schopin> I'm with juliank on that one :)
[16:47] <juliank> set assignee to ~ubuntu-security and ask for opinion?
[16:48] <bdrung> done
[16:48] <bdrung> bug #2041518
[16:49] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2041518 in gtk+3.0 (Ubuntu) "/usr/share/apport/apport-gtk:5:_g_log_abort:g_log_writer_default:g_log_structured_array:g_log_structured_array:g_log_structured_standard" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2041518
[16:49] <schopin> Of, that one.
[16:49] <bdrung> this is still with the desktop team
[16:49] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:49] <bdrung> bug #2055825
[16:49] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2055825 in apt (Ubuntu) "fips-updates: upgrade from 20.04 to 22.04 fails" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2055825
[16:52] <bdrung> nothing to do for us?
[16:53] <juliank> how is it in apt
[16:54] <juliank> this is kernel, next
[16:54] <bdrung> removed apt from being affected
[16:54] <bdrung> bug #2089712
[16:54] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2089712 in pam (Ubuntu) "pam-auth-update --remove doesn't work properly" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2089712
[16:57] <schopin> Reading through, I don't understand if it's a bug or not.
[16:58] <waveform> seems invalid, but we should verify that before closing
[16:59] <juliank> I realize now btw the fips upgrade bug is that email thread we got
[16:59] <juliank> the ask there was to disable updaes on fips focal to jammy
[17:00] <bdrung> waveform to confirm pam-auth-update behaviour
[17:00] <waveform> ack
[17:00] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[17:00] <bdrung> nothing for us
[17:00] <bdrung> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[17:00] <bdrung> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[17:01] <juliank> ok
[17:01] <bdrung> apport and iputils are still with schopin and me
[17:02] <juliank> python-attrs is with levihackerman
[17:02] <juliank> gdb with doko
[17:03] <juliank> boost1.83  vpa1977
[17:05] <juliank> libgit2 with liushuyu
[17:07] <juliank> I guess that's all
[17:07] <juliank> bdrung:
[17:07] <bdrung> #topic AOB
[17:08] <bdrung> since we are already over time, speak now or keep your peace forever
[17:08] <bdrung> 3
[17:08] <bdrung> 2
[17:08] <bdrung> 1
[17:08] <Skia> 4
[17:08] <bdrung> #endmeeting
[17:08] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 17:08:35 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-11-28-16.04.moin.txt
[17:09] <andersson123> o7
=== dviererbe1 is now known as dviererbe
=== JanC is now known as Guest7379
=== JanC is now known as Guest3827
