[14:59] <bdrung> \o
[15:00] <upils> o/
[15:00] <mateus-morais> o/
[15:00] <tobhe> o/
[15:00] <ogayot> o/
[15:00] <dviererbe> o/
[15:01] <bdmurray> o/
[15:01] <enr0n> o/
[15:02] <bdmurray> #startmeeting
[15:02] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:12 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:02] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
=== rkratky__ is now known as rkratky
[15:03] <bdmurray> #topic Status Updates
[15:03] <bdmurray> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-08-01/46683
[15:03] <bdmurray> Let's take a few minutes to review the status updates
[15:05] <bdmurray> vowpal-wabbit sounds like something petname would produce
[15:06] <waveform> it's a killllerrrr!
[15:06] <bdrung> ogra_, regarding argcomplete - does that have autopkgtests that would detect those incompatibilities?
[15:07] <mateus-morais> TIL petname
[15:08] <bdrung> sorry, i meant ogayot (not ogra_)
[15:08] <ogayot> bdrung: checking
[15:08]  * bdrung I am too tired.
[15:09] <bdmurray> Has everybody finished reading?
[15:09] <bdrung> no
[15:10] <ogayot> argcomplete has an autopkgtest test suite and it's red on all arches/versions
[15:10] <ogayot> https://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/python-argcomplete
[15:11] <ogayot> except armhf for some reason
[15:11] <bdrung> so that should be fixed in oracular and inclueded in the SRU
[15:11] <bdrung> waveform, what is "FIT"?
[15:12] <waveform> Flat Image Tree
[15:12] <waveform> https://docs.u-boot.org/en/latest/usage/fit/index.html
[15:12] <ogayot> bdrung: good point, I'll give it a close look
[15:13] <bdmurray> Okay, whose ready to look at bugs!
[15:14] <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:14] <bdmurray> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:14] <bdmurray> and its empty \o/
[15:15] <bdmurray> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:15] <bdmurray> bug 2074302
[15:15] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2074302 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Asus Laptop (R558U) does not suspend after upgrade to 24.04" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2074302
[15:16] <bdmurray> Is systemd the right package for this?
[15:16] <enr0n> Based on a quick look, I don't think so
[15:17] <bdmurray> What do you think would be more appropriate?
[15:19] <bdrung> dmesg has: [  248.323880] nouveau 0000:01:00.0: bus: MMIO read of 00000000 FAULT at 6013d4 [ PRIVRING ]
[15:20] <bdmurray> We think it's likely kernel related but they are running an older kernel so should update first.
[15:20] <bdmurray> bug 2073372
[15:20] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2073372 in glibc (Ubuntu Oracular) "[UBUNTU 20.04] s390x: z13 wcsncmp implementation segfaults if n=1" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2073372
[15:21] <bdmurray> well let's foundations-todo that bug and import it to jira
[15:22] <bdmurray> http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:22] <bdmurray> nothing for us there
[15:23] <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:23] <bdmurray> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[15:23] <dviererbe> Wait I would like to talk about bug 1474519
[15:23] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1474519 in coreutils (Ubuntu Trusty) "realpath fails with inexplicable error message 'Not a directory'" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1474519
[15:24] <dviererbe> can I set it to Won't fix for trusty
[15:25] <enr0n> ravikant_: didn't you tag a u-r-u bug for rls-incoming:
[15:25] <enr0n> ?
[15:26] <ravikant_> I did https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/glibc/+bug/2058648
[15:26] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2058648 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Support upgrades from unmerged 22.04 - was: package libc6 2.35-0ubuntu3.6 [modified: usr/share/doc/libc6/NEWS.Debian.gz usr/share/doc/libc6/NEWS.gz usr/share/doc/libc6/README.hesiod.gz usr/share/doc/libc6/changelog.Debian.gz usr/share/lintian/overrides/libc6] failed to install/upgrade: new libc6:amd64 package pre-installation script subprocess returned..." [High, Triaged]
[15:26] <ravikant_> I think we forgot to tag this fundations-todo
[15:27] <enr0n> So I am unsure how big the impact is here
[15:27] <enr0n> I tested a bionic -> focal -> jammy upgrade, and I got usrmerge installed
[15:29] <bdmurray> let's save this for when julian returns so we can get his input
[15:30] <enr0n> sounds good to me
[15:30] <bdmurray> mwhudson: had pyopenssl but maybe somebody else is interested?
[15:31] <bdmurray> cpete: has apport
[15:32] <bdmurray> andersson123: pyopenssl
[15:34] <bdmurray> dviererbe: rust-defaults
[15:34] <dviererbe> okay
[15:35] <bdmurray> uralt has bpftrace iirc
[15:35] <bdmurray> doko: python3.12
[15:35] <bdmurray> bdrung: initramfs-tools
[15:36] <bdrung> ack
[15:36] <bdmurray> pkgconf looks like the baseline was reset
[15:37] <bdmurray> or it might be with ahasenack
[15:38] <bdmurray> bdmurray: has python3-defaults
[15:38] <ahasenack> I was working on a pkgconf fix yesterday
[15:38] <ahasenack> (today sru shift)
[15:38] <ahasenack> went as far as creating ppas with the builds and was about to test dep8
[15:39] <ahasenack> https://code.launchpad.net/~ahasenack/ubuntu/+source/pkgconf/+git/pkgconf/+ref/oracular-pkgconf-gcc14 is what I ahve
[15:39] <ahasenack> https://git.launchpad.net/~ahasenack/ubuntu/+source/pkgconf/commit/?id=9716483fa3fffad8b789124e98dd6064d12bd929 being the patch I was about to test
[15:39] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Commit 9716483 in ~ahasenack/ubuntu/+source/pkgconf "* d/p/fix-Walloc-size.patch: fix argument order to calloc()"
[15:39] <bdmurray> ahasenack: do you plan on returing to it tomorrow?
[15:39] <ahasenack> yes
[15:40] <bdmurray> okay, we'll leave it with you then
[15:40] <ahasenack> k
[15:40] <bdmurray> cpete: boost and cmake
[15:41] <bdmurray> vpa1977: boost and cmake as cpete has apport
[15:42] <bdmurray> I retried the nvme-cli build
[15:42] <bdmurray> waveform: libxs-parse-keyword-perl
[15:43] <bdmurray> xypron: livecd-rootfs
[15:43] <bdmurray> ravikant_: sbuild
[15:44] <ravikant_> ack
[15:44] <bdmurray> juliank: apt
[15:44] <bdmurray> I'm retrying the armhf build of libgcrypt
[15:45] <bdmurray> mateus-morais: python-docutils
[15:45] <mateus-morais> bdmurray ack
[15:45] <bdmurray> tobhe: adduser
[15:45] <tobhe> ack
[15:45] <bdmurray> which is tied in with shadow
[15:45] <bdmurray> and that's that
[15:46] <bdmurray> #topic AOB
[15:46] <enr0n> bdmurray: about https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/snapd/+bug/2043820
[15:46] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2043820 in firefox (Ubuntu Noble) "Unable to contact snap store on Xubuntu from Jammy to Noble" [High, Confirmed]
[15:46] <enr0n> The problem is that systemd-resolved is it's own binary package after Jammy
[15:47] <enr0n> And while it will be installed during the upgrade, it is not yet installed at the time that the preinst runs for thunderbird et al (which have the snap store connectivity check)
[15:48] <enr0n> My thought is to do quick SRUs adding Pre-Depends: systemd-resolved to the "deb to snap" transitional packages
[15:48] <enr0n> E.g. firefox, thunderbird, chromium-browser (are there others?)
[15:49] <enr0n> This would ensure that systemd-resolved is back at the time those packages do their connectivity check
[15:49] <bdmurray> What about a PostUpgradeInstall section in distupgrade.cfg?
[15:49] <enr0n> That's way too late
[15:50] <enr0n> The problem is not that systemd-resolved won't get installed at all during the upgrade. It's just that the ordering is something like:
[15:50] <enr0n> 1. unpack new systemd (meaning systemd-resolved goes away)
[15:50] <bdmurray> The documentation says "action right after the upgrade was calculated in the cache"
[15:50] <enr0n> 2. unpack e.g thunderbird.
[15:51] <enr0n> (meaning snap store check)
[15:51] <enr0n> 3. unpack systemd-resolved
[15:51] <enr0n> bdmurray: hm, well it only *marks* for install at that stage IIUC, it does not actually perform it
[15:51] <enr0n> and NB that we already have PostUpgradeInstall=systemd-resolved in place for upgrades from Jammy to Noble
[15:52] <bdmurray> okay
[15:54] <bdmurray> Well if its not working then lets go with the alternate solution.
[15:55] <bdmurray> Anything else?
[15:55] <cpete> I've started trying to get statistics on publishing delays in my PPAs after a ~3 hour cycle yesterday
[15:55] <cpete> https://gist.github.com/Chris-Peterson444/a477f5b7356007caf2653079eb183635
[15:57] <bdmurray> I'd look at seeded snaps via the manifests to figure out which transitional packages to update
[15:57] <ravikant_> thanks cpete, I'll use the script on my next ppa build
[15:58] <bdmurray> #endmeeting
[15:58] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:58:08 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-08-01-15.02.moin.txt
