[14:59] <dviererbe> o/
[14:59] <levihackerman> o/
[14:59] <ogayot> o/
[15:00] <bdrung> \o
[15:00] <mkukri> o/
[15:00] <r41k0u> o/
[15:01] <Skia> o7
[15:01] <juliank> o/
[15:01] <dbungert> o/
[15:01] <adrien> \o
[15:01] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:01] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:26 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:01] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:01] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:01] <uralt> o/
[15:01] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-09-12/
[15:01] <zhsj> o/
[15:02] <xypron> o/
[15:02] <ginggs> o/
[15:02] <upils> o/
[15:03] <schopin> o/
[15:03] <cpete> o/
[15:04] <slyon> o/
[15:10] <juliank> OK one cat attack later, we can continue
[15:11] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:11] <juliank> It's a rather light load on excuses today
[15:11] <juliank> So we have time!
[15:11] <juliank> bug 2080499
[15:11] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2080499 in apport (Ubuntu) "/usr/share/apport/apport:ProcessLookupError:/usr/share/apport/apport@1248:main:_check_global_pid_and_forward:forward_crash_to_container" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2080499
[15:11] <juliank> bdrung: ^
[15:12] <bdrung> i tagged it. we should probably look at it since it happens a lot.
[15:13] <juliank> ok
[15:13] <juliank> tagged
[15:13] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:13] <juliank> oh I forgot the link for oo, didn't i
[15:14] <juliank> bug 1968613
[15:14] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1968613 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "update-manager crashed with AttributeError in _records(): 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'lookup'" [Medium, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1968613
[15:14] <bdrung> it is one of the top crashes on errors.ubuntu.com
[15:14] <juliank> The cache was closed while trying to access its objects ugh
[15:15] <juliank> tagged
[15:15] <juliank> bug 2080216
[15:15] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2080216 in openssh (Ubuntu) "sshd cannot bind to IPv4 interfaces" [Medium, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2080216
[15:17] <juliank> awkward
[15:17] <juliank> still sounds important to fix unfortunately
[15:17] <enr0n> I was confused about the claims that re-compiling things made a difference. My understanding is that the defaults here are controlled by net.ipv6.bindip6only
[15:18] <juliank> very confusing thing i nthere
[15:18] <enr0n> but yeah, when I wrote sshd-socket-generator, I made an oversimplification about the default listener addresses
[15:18] <juliank> But actionable
[15:18] <juliank> tagging
[15:18] <enr0n> ack
[15:19] <juliank> bug 2041518
[15:19] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2041518 in gtk+3.0 (Ubuntu) "/usr/share/apport/apport-gtk:5:_g_log_abort:g_log_writer_default:g_log_structured_array:g_log_structured_array:g_log_structured_standard" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2041518
[15:19] <juliank> This was for desktop, moving on
[15:20] <juliank> bug 2078720 I need to upload to oracular and noble too, but I don't want to have a ton of JIRA issues spawned from it
[15:20] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2078720 in linux-gcp (Ubuntu) "Upgrading from jammy to noble results in a linux-headers package being in a broken state" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2078720
[15:20] <juliank> I guess it's fine though since only the apt tasks remain open
[15:21] <juliank> oracular needs fixes for 3.0 solver, and noble needs funny public key asseriton considerations
[15:22] <juliank> bug 2080233
[15:22] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2080233 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "[wsl] do-release-upgrade fails with systemd disabled" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2080233
[15:23] <enr0n> I probably could have just tagged this foundations-todo straight away
[15:23] <juliank> yes this seems straight forward
[15:23] <juliank> Sorry the cat sat down on the keyboard
[15:24] <enr0n> I'll tag etc/
[15:24] <juliank> bug 2078579 is one of those plenty of funny solverb bugs that needs more investigation
[15:24] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2078579 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Holding Back libpcap0.8t64:amd64 rather than change libibverbs1:amd64" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2078579
[15:25] <juliank> I'm inclined to let this sit a bit longer though to get some duplicates
[15:25] <juliank> No time to investigate yet anyway
[15:26] <juliank> jj and ff are empty
[15:27] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:27] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[15:27] <juliank> I think this is only waveform needing to sort out the ubiquity removal request?
[15:27] <waveform> or get it building ... but yes, it's with me
[15:27] <juliank> And that's it
[15:27] <juliank> #topic AOB
[15:29] <juliank> Final countdown
[15:29] <juliank> 3
[15:29] <juliank> 2
[15:29] <juliank> 1
[15:29] <juliank> #endmeeting
[15:29] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:29:20 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-09-12-15.01.moin.txt
=== mateus-morais6 is now known as mateus-morais
=== klebers_ is now known as klebers
