[15:00] <slyon> o/
[15:00] <ginggs> o/
[15:00] <upils> o/
[15:00] <bdrung> \o
[15:00] <xypron> \o
[15:01] <zhsj> o/
[15:01] <schopin> o/
[15:01] <ogayot> o/
[15:01] <juliank> o/
[15:01] <cpete> o/
[15:01] <ravikant__> o/
[15:02] <Skia> o/
[15:03] <mkukri> o/
[15:03] <tobhe> o/
[15:03] <juliank> This will be a short meeting due to infrastructure issues
[15:03] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:03] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:03:14 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:03] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:03] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:03] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-06-20/45840
[15:03] <juliank> brb
[15:05] <adrien> \o
[15:05] <Skia> adrien: your u-d-d emails were quite interesting morning reads :-)
[15:05] <adrien> Skia: thanks! I'm glad they could be interesting/useful
[15:09] <schopin> slyon: "Upgrade to Noble" what??? You're not running oracular yet?
[15:09] <schopin> ;)
[15:09] <slyon> haha, I was expecting some kind of comment around this ;P
[15:10] <waveform> my laptop's still on jammy ... but it is just a dumb terminal to my Pis ;)
[15:10] <bdrung> slyon, at least you upgraded before it goes EOL
[15:11] <tobhe> waveform: now that framework announced a risc-v mainboard don't you think you could get a pi board too?
[15:12] <waveform> I have many pi boards!
[15:12] <mkukri> cm5 in a laptop case actually sounds kind of nice
[15:12] <waveform> well, cm5 isn't out yet
[15:12] <mkukri> hypothetical cm5 sorry, i have no proof of its existence :)
[15:13] <juliank> So we're skipping incoming bugs this week
[15:13] <juliank> We have no bug list access, it's empty
[15:13] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:13] <juliank>  13 packages needing attention, 17 packages not yet considered late
[15:13] <bdrung> Skia, it would be nice to have the topic in the links instead of just the merge request links without context (especially when launchpad is down)
[15:14] <adrien> I want a CM* as a framework mainboard
[15:14] <xypron> tobhe: framework uses the JH7110 SoC that has RPI3 speed. They even don't use NVMe. No upstream GPU support.
[15:14] <adrien> but that would require displayport and more usb-c!
[15:15] <Skia> bdrung: yes, I know, it's the first time I just have the links because I figure the URL preview worked quite well, but with launchpad down, obviously this doesn't work, and it was too late to add the topic manually, because I don't remember the details of all the links, and do get that, I would need launchpad :D
[15:15] <Skia> I can have a look in the `git log`, I usually keep the MP links in there, so I should be able to find the topic
[15:15] <juliank> pyopenssl is with adrien
[15:16] <juliank> gcc-13 is with dbungert
[15:16] <juliank> fakeroot is with zhsj
[15:16] <juliank> libxml-libxml-perl we can skip over it's waiting for a dependency
[15:16] <juliank> cryptsetup blocking systemd
[15:16] <adrien> didn't progress much with pyopenssl/everything-else due to working on other topics but tomorrow looks good
[15:17] <juliank> Oh I can't see the excuses bugs
=== rkratky__ is now known as rkratky
[15:17] <juliank> Well let's assign it
[15:17] <juliank> cryptsetup blocking systemd: liushuyu
[15:17] <juliank> dracut blocking systemd: bdrung because he likes dracut
[15:18] <juliank> Of the systemd regression items:
[15:18] <bdrung> ack
[15:18] <juliank> ceph/unknown tobhe
[15:18] <adrien> libxml-libxml-perl seems caused by an issue with libxml2/ruby-libxml specifically
[15:18] <juliank> hwloc schopin
[15:18] <adrien> juliank: https://ubuntu.dcln.fr/update_excuses.html#libxml2 the titles are there ;-)
[15:18] <adrien> bug* titles
[15:19] <schopin> juliank: ACK
[15:19] <adrien> also, excuses haven't been updated for several hours
[15:19] <liushuyu> juliank: ack
[15:20] <dbungert> yea, gcc-13 still in progress sadly.  I need to make a decision about what to do with octave-dicom which I believe to be backing things up
[15:20] <juliank> incus rkratky
[15:20] <juliank>  /o\ should we even ship it :D
[15:21] <adrien> dbungert: if you haven't seen it: https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/transitions/html/octave-59.html#!good,bad,partial,unknown,!notintesting
[15:21] <juliank> libcamera ravikant__ :D
[15:21] <ravikant__> juliank: ack
[15:21] <juliank> libreswan upils
[15:21] <upils> ack
[15:21] <dbungert> adrien: thanks, octave-tisean wasn't on my radar yet
[15:21] <juliank> libvirt ogayot
[15:22] <juliank> mariadb enr0n
[15:22] <Skia> bdrung: there, I've added some topics for my MPs, if you're interested (couldn't do that for reviewed MP, I don't have the mapping in the git log)
[15:22] <ogayot> juliank: ack
[15:22] <juliank> mediawiki mateus-morais
[15:22] <juliank> php8.3 mkukri
[15:22] <mateus-morais> juliank ack
[15:22] <mkukri> ack
[15:23] <adrien> dbungert: sorry for giving you more work :D
[15:23] <dbungert> hehehe
[15:23] <juliank> postgresql-16 slyon
[15:23] <slyon> ACK
[15:23] <juliank> rust-laurel xypron
[15:23] <juliank> samba ginggs
[15:23] <ginggs> ack
[15:23] <xypron> juliank: I will not be in next week. So that would be for the next cycle.
[15:24] <juliank> OK we need to start again
[15:25] <juliank> all the systemd tasks are really systemd regressions enr0n just said
[15:25] <juliank> dracut blocking systemd bdrung
[15:25] <juliank> apport schopin
[15:26] <juliank> blocking sphinx:
[15:26] <ginggs> python-attrs/i386 needs a hint
[15:26] <ginggs> i can do it
[15:26] <juliank> - bugwarrior liushuyu
[15:26] <juliank> - execnet tobhe
[15:26] <liushuyu> juliank: ACK
[15:27] <juliank> - flycheck rkratky
[15:27] <juliank> - ipython ravikant__
[15:27] <juliank> - jupyter-client upils
[15:27] <ravikant__> juliank: ack
[15:27] <upils> ack
[15:27] <juliank> - openvswitch ogayot
[15:27] <juliank> - python-attrs ginggs
[15:27] <adrien> liushuyu: bugwarrior might be related to python-googleapi (didn't look at the logs but I know it's a revdep)
[15:28] <juliank> - python-matrix-nio enr0n
[15:28] <enr0n> ack
[15:28] <ogayot> juliank: ack
[15:28] <juliank> - python-watchdog: mateus-morais
[15:28] <mateus-morais> ack
[15:28] <juliank> - python-xmlschema mkukri
[15:28] <juliank> - receptor slyon
[15:28] <mkukri> ack
[15:29] <liushuyu> adrien: Thanks! I can't lookup the logs at the moment, will take a look when they finished the reboot
[15:29] <slyon> ack
[15:29] <juliank> - twisted Skia
[15:29] <Skia> ack
[15:29] <juliank> - vdirsyncer waveform
[15:29] <waveform> ack
[15:30] <juliank> - devscripts blocking sensible-utils danilogondolfo
[15:30] <danilogondolfo> ack
[15:31] <juliank> and that's all for now, happy no proposed migration to everyone earlier in the alphabet or not in the meeting
[15:31] <juliank> #topic  AOB
[15:35] <enr0n> I will be OOO from starting on June 26, and I will be back on July 8
[15:36] <juliank> I'm OOO tomorrow PM
[15:36] <juliank> or rather I'll be :D
[15:37] <mateus-morais> I'll be OOO starting on June 27th (next week) until July 4th
[15:38] <juliank> Alright I think that's all!
[15:38] <juliank> #endmeeting
[15:38] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:38:21 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-06-20-15.03.moin.txt
