[19:00] <rbasak> o/
[19:01] <bdmurray> o/
[19:04] <bdrung> \o
[19:05] <rbasak> Neither the nominated chair nor their nominated backup are here.
[19:05] <rbasak> I'm not sure there's much to discuss though.
[19:06] <rbasak> I did start an ML thread as was an action item for me from last time, but nobody has replied.
[19:06] <bdrung> I haven't made up my mind regarding PPU for core packages.
[19:15] <rbasak> Anything to discuss now about that? Or no meeting today?
[19:15] <bdrung> It's probably better to discuss it in a bigger group.
[19:15] <bdrung> or via the ML
[19:16] <bdrung> so I am okay with no meeting today
[19:17] <teward> *burps loudly*
[19:17] <teward> rbasak: i'm here but i was late due to a phone call for work
[19:18] <teward> i don't see anything pressing that needs a meeting
[19:18] <teward> utkarsh even said as such on their email to devel permissions
[19:18]  * bdrung looks in his mail client
[19:19] <teward> > As Iâm traveling back from DebConf, I wonât make it to todayâs meeting. I donât see anything pressing on the agenda either. < - that was from utkarsh
[19:19] <teward> i haven't made up my mind for PPU for Core Packages yet either
[19:20] <teward> but i don't think we need a live discussion on it (ML should be sufficient)
