=== JanC is now known as Guest6621
=== JanC is now known as Guest8427
=== JanC_ is now known as JanC
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[15:00] <adrien> \o
[15:00] <ginggs> o/
[15:00] <ravikant_> o/
[15:00] <liushuyu> o/
[15:00] <schopin> o/
[15:00] <schopin> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:00] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:46 UTC.  The chair is schopin.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:00] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:00] <slyon> o/
[15:00] <Skia> o/
[15:01] <pushkarnk> o/
[15:01] <adrien> I'll have to switch to IRC on phone mid-meeting
[15:01] <zhsj> o/
[15:02] <mkukri> o/
[15:02] <mateus-morais> o/
[15:02] <schopin> Please be patient with me, that's my first time running this thing :)
[15:02] <upils> o/
[15:02] <schopin> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:03] <schopin> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-03-28/43534/1
[15:03] <dviererbe> o/
[15:04] <slyon> upils: is the patch for MIR libtraceevent ready, yet?
[15:04] <upils> nope, I still need to re-add a patch I removed, as spotted by enr0n
[15:05] <slyon> ok
=== JanC is now known as Guest3663
=== JanC_ is now known as JanC
[15:11] <schopin> vorlon: when you say "the migration has landed", is the publisher done yet?
[15:11] <vorlon> schopin: not afaik
[15:11] <vorlon> but it's landed from the perspective of buttons that can be pushed from the Release Team side
[15:12] <bdmurray> vorlon: Should we drop the `all-proposed` changes to britney and autopkgtest-cloud now?
[15:12] <bdmurray> I mean the forcing of all-proposed.
[15:13] <vorlon> bdmurray: yes, due to pytest being broken in -proposed. I left that to juliank to sort out with the QA Team overnight, but I guess he didn't :)
[15:13] <adrien> well, he's officially off
[15:14] <juliank> vorlon: We have prepped the merges for it, but I left final decision to sil2100
[15:15] <bdmurray> off?
[15:15] <schopin> Alright, moving on :)
[15:15] <schopin> unless juliank wants to take over ? ;)
[15:15] <juliank> Nah I'm cleaning my kitchen
[15:15] <schopin> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:15] <schopin> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
=== rkratky__ is now known as rkratky
[15:16] <schopin> bug 2054343
[15:16] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2054343 in gcc-10 (Ubuntu Focal) "arm64 build of gcc-10 10.5.0-3ubuntu1 still broken (CVE-2023-4039 still open)" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2054343
[15:17] <schopin> it's already foundations-todo, so untagging from incoming.
[15:17] <vorlon> also not clear it applies to noble at all?
[15:18] <blackboxsw> I also have a question about whether we shoud treat https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/needrestart/+bug/2059337 as rls-incoming? hence my dropping into the call today.
[15:18] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2059337 in needrestart (Ubuntu Noble) "noble: needrestart triggering SIGTERM of cloud-final.service  preventing apt packages from being installed when cloud-init is also being upgraded" [Undecided, Confirmed]
[15:18] <vorlon> blackboxsw: you should tag rls-nn-incoming anything that you want to escalate to the corresponding engineering team for consideration
[15:19] <vorlon> anyway I'll say we should take that one
[15:19] <blackboxsw> +1 thanks , wanted a pre-flight check before I do. will do I'm uncertain about whether this is a default behavior that'll affect a any package/script which invokes apt upgradedist-upgrade and happens the be targetted for needrestart operation. :)
[15:19] <vorlon> tagging it foundations-todo now
[15:19] <blackboxsw> thank you
[15:20] <vorlon> blackboxsw: "any package/script" - it looks at systemd units
[15:21] <blackboxsw> ahh, limits my concern a bit then. but still a potentially broad net of services which we may or may not know about.
[15:22] <schopin> bug 1951491
[15:22] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1951491 in snapd (Ubuntu) "Can't run snaps: .slice/session-1.scope is not a snap cgroup" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951491
[15:24] <vorlon> this is weird, the bug is from 2021
[15:24] <schopin> fairly regular activity on it, though.
[15:25] <vorlon> yeah but if it's been open for 3 years already I don't think we should prioritize it
[15:25] <vorlon> also the systemd task is incomplete and the snapd task is open
[15:25] <vorlon> I think we should leave this as-is and maybe ping snapd team about it
[15:25] <schopin> Alright, moving on.
[15:25] <schopin> bug 2058930
[15:25] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2058930 in libvpx (Ubuntu) "Missing in i386 Packages index" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2058930
[15:25] <slyon> This got resolved the other day
[15:26] <slyon> I just removed the tag
[15:26] <schopin> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:26] <schopin> bug 2041518
[15:26] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2041518 in gtk+3.0 (Ubuntu) "/usr/share/apport/apport-gtk:5:_g_log_abort:g_log_writer_default:g_log_structured_array:g_log_structured_array:g_log_structured_standard" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2041518
[15:27] <schopin> that's an old one, it's with desktop.
[15:27] <schopin> bug 2041831
[15:27] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2041831 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/update-manager:11:g_type_check_instance_is_fundamentally_a:g_object_ref:gdk_event_copy:pygi_boxed_copy_in_place:arg_boxed_to_py_cleanup" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2041831
[15:29] <schopin> I agree with juliank on that one, it's likely a pygobject issue, leaving the tag for Desktop to triage.
[15:29] <schopin> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:29] <schopin> Nothing for us there.
[15:30] <schopin> Plus EOL already. Someone should update the script :)
[15:30] <schopin> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:30] <schopin> bug 2058743
[15:30] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2058743 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd local DNS tests failing with timeout" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2058743
[15:31] <slyon> This one is most probably related to dnsmasq and should be investigated by ~ubuntu-server
[15:31] <schopin> So nothing for us to do there?
[15:31] <slyon> not currently
[15:32] <schopin> Alright then :)
[15:32] <schopin> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:32] <schopin> Nothing for us.
[15:33] <schopin> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:33] <schopin> vorlon: ^
[15:33] <vorlon> Traceback (most recent call last):
[15:33] <vorlon>   File "/home/ubuntu-archive/bin/generate-team-p-m", line 382, in <module>
[15:33] <vorlon>     main()
[15:33] <vorlon>   File "/home/ubuntu-archive/bin/generate-team-p-m", line 312, in main
[15:33] <vorlon>     if 'implicit-deps' in item['policy_info']['implicit-deps']:
[15:33] <vorlon> haha the by_team report broke when I turned off the terrible britney policy
[15:33] <vorlon> KeyError: 'implicit-deps'
[15:33] <vorlon> so since the report isn't *yet* updated there's nothing to do on this topic
[15:34] <schopin> except maybe fix the script :P
[15:34] <schopin> #topic AOB
[15:36] <bdmurray> I gather there is a holiday weekend coming up
[15:37] <schopin> Yes, apparently most of the team is out Monday, and most of those also Friday.
[15:38] <bdmurray> Poor Steve, Dan, Chris and I
[15:38] <zhsj> i'm out on next thu and fri.
[15:38] <schopin> bdmurray: most of the French part of the team will at least be there on Friday :)
[15:39] <pushkarnk> I am out on a public holiday tomorrow
[15:39] <mateus-morais> I'm out tomorrow, but I'm here on monday
[15:39] <bdmurray> I also heard upgrading to Noble now is a bad idea?
[15:39] <dviererbe> I am out tomorrow & monday too
[15:39] <mclemenceau> I'll be here friday / monday
[15:39] <schopin> bdmurray: referring to https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel/2024-March/042954.html I guess?
[15:40] <slyon> you beat me to it :)
[15:41] <vorlon> schopin: the report is regenerated but not visible until rsync
[15:47] <vorlon> is the meeting over?
[15:47] <bdmurray> I think so
[15:48] <schopin> #endmeeting
[15:48] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:48:18 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-03-28-15.00.moin.txt
[15:48] <schopin> now it is.
=== JanC is now known as Guest2005
=== JanC_ is now known as JanC
