=== flag is now known as ppisati
=== bdrung_ is now known as bdrung
=== utkarsh61 is now known as utkarsh2102
[15:00] <Skia> o7
[15:00] <ginggs> o/
[15:00] <uralt> o/
[15:00] <ogayot-> o/
[15:00] <mateus-morais> o/
[15:00] <andersson123> o/
[15:00] <dviererbe> o/
[15:01] <zhsj> o/
[15:01] <slyon> o/
[15:01] <liushuyu> o/
[15:01] <xypron> o/
[15:01] <ravikant_> o/
[15:01] <upils> o/
[15:01] <adrien_> \o
[15:01] <tobhe> o/
[15:02] <bdrung> \o
[15:02] <mkukri> o/
[15:02] <dbungert> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:02] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:35 UTC.  The chair is dbungert.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:02] <dbungert> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:02] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:02] <dbungert> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-09-19/48160
[15:08]  * vorlon waves
[15:09] <bdrung> Skia, the apport retracer running out of disk space - what was the culprit there? should apport help with cleaning up?
[15:10] <Skia> the machine doesn't have a lot of disk space, and the "thing" has some package caching, which I just cleaned up there to put things back on track
[15:10] <Skia> I guess there is a combination of 1) very low disk specs and 2) no monitoring
[15:10] <Skia> but I don't think apport is the culprit there
[15:11] <dbungert> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:11] <dbungert> OO and FF are empty
[15:11] <dbungert> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:11] <dbungert> LP: #2078579
[15:11] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2078579 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Holding Back libpcap0.8t64:amd64 rather than change libibverbs1:amd64" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2078579
[15:12] <vorlon> dbungert: you mentioned other ubuntu desktop changes wiping out your size improvements for the kernel refactor, is there any followup to be done there?
[15:12] <vorlon> oops I'm late
[15:12] <dbungert> vorlon: at least some of that was snap changes, it needs more investigation
[15:12] <dbungert> I'll follow up
[15:13] <dbungert> enr0n: thoughts on the bug?
[15:13] <enr0n> looking
[15:14] <enr0n> eh move on for now, julian tagged it and probably has a better idea of what's going on
[15:14] <dbungert> k
[15:15] <dbungert> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:15] <dbungert> LP: #2041831
[15:15] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2041831 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "Update-manager crashes when packages are de-selected with the mouse" [High, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2041831
[15:16] <bdrung> Desktop team is working on that
[15:16] <dbungert> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:16] <dbungert> LP: #2077159
[15:16] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2077159 in systemd (Ubuntu) "i40e interfaces renamed after upgrade from hwe-6.5" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2077159
[15:17] <dbungert> slyon:
[15:18] <slyon> I think it's unrelated to netplan. probably something between udev and kernel. Maybe enr0n could comment on that?
[15:18] <slyon> It might be a kernel regression after all... As I think upgrading to the HWE kernel shouldn't change the network interface naming scheme. But maybe some udev machtching rules are oof?
[15:18] <slyon> off*
[15:19] <enr0n> Hm yeah I need to take a closer look. It's hard for me to parse all these interface names on the spot
[15:20] <dbungert> tagging for further investigation, even if it ends up reassigned later
[15:21] <dbungert> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:21] <dbungert> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[15:21] <dbungert> short today!
[15:21] <dbungert> waveform: I assume you're on top of rpi-eeprom?
[15:21] <waveform> on top of as in, waiting for review, yes
[15:21] <waveform> the -sign package was deliberately split out so it can go into universe
[15:23] <vorlon> moved rip-eeprom-sign to universe now
[15:24] <ginggs> let's look at some FTBFS
[15:25] <ginggs> https://people.canonical.com/~ginggs/ftbfs-report/test-rebuild-20240912-oracular-oracular.html#foundations-bugs-team
[15:25] <ginggs> we already have some volunteers
[15:26] <dbungert> Please self assign 1 or 2, straggler packages will have volunteers found Monday
[15:26] <dbungert> #topic AOB
[15:28] <bdrung> distro-info is on the list and trivial (also needs to be fixed in Debian). @r41k0u do you mind me stealing it from you?
[15:29] <r41k0u> nope
[15:29] <r41k0u> I will take something else
[15:29] <bdrung> thanks. stolen.
[15:30] <adrien_> AOB: I'll be atttending kernel recipes on monday, tuesday and wednesday and will not be always available
[15:30] <bdrung> FTR, distro-info is affected by the "setup.py test" removal by setuptools
[15:31] <bdrung> AOB: I'll attend All Systems Go! next week in Berlin. I hope the jetlag won't be too bad. ;)
[15:31] <dbungert> anything else?
[15:32] <dbungert> #endmeeting
[15:32] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:32:14 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-09-19-15.02.moin.txt
