[15:01] <ravikant_> o/
[15:01] <zhsj> o/
[15:01] <ogayot> o/
[15:01] <liushuyu> o/
[15:01] <adrien> `i
[15:01] <adrien> \o
[15:01] <bdrung> o/
[15:02] <dviererbe> o/
[15:03] <bdrung> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:03] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:03:29 UTC.  The chair is bdrung.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:03] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:03] <bdrung> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:03] <bdrung> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-05-30/45411/6
[15:05] <bdmurray> Skia: What was the kernel bug regarding autopkgtest that might have been related to bug 2063094?
[15:05] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2063094 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "unattended-upgrades is running forever" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2063094
[15:08] <bdmurray> adrien: There was a thought that bug 2056461 might be related to your unattended-upgrades bug.
[15:08] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2056461 in linux (Ubuntu) "autopkgtest-virt-qemu on noble images sometimes hangs doing copydown" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2056461
[15:09] <Skia> there, you found it, sorry for the delay, I was busy posting my status late :/
[15:10] <Skia> (I also lost some time diving into adrien's new excuse page, it looks great!)
[15:10] <adrien> oh, that's a bit surprising
[15:10] <adrien> host kernel is 6.1.0-15-amd64
[15:11] <adrien> Skia: :)
[15:11] <bdmurray> I was seeing it on noble as was apw
[15:11] <adrien> it's not the first time I see that issue but I can't tell when was the first time
[15:11] <adrien> bdmurray: considering that seb had a very different backtrace, I wouldn't be surprised there are several bugs
[15:12] <bdmurray> Hrm, I'm not seeing bug 2056461 in the changelog for our linux package though...
[15:12] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2056461 in linux (Ubuntu) "autopkgtest-virt-qemu on noble images sometimes hangs doing copydown" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2056461
[15:14] <adrien> also, I'll be running dbus-monitor for a while; we'll see if something changes from there
[15:14] <bdmurray> Skia: Could you check with the kernel team about the fix?
[15:15] <Skia> sure
[15:16] <bdrung> done with reading and ready to move on?
[15:17] <bdmurray> I've finished reading
[15:17] <bdrung> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:17] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:18] <bdrung> bug #2066995
[15:18] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2066995 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport-gtk keeps prompting to report crashes in a loop" [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2066995
[15:18] <schopin> No oo incoming?
[15:18] <bdrung> (doing nn before oo)
[15:19] <bdrung> that bug needs triaging.
[15:20] <bdrung> schopin, could you have a look at it?
[15:21] <schopin> hem, that's a weird one?
[15:22] <bdrung> yes
[15:23] <bdrung> should we keep it in incoming until next week to have it triaged by then?
[15:23] <schopin> OK with me. I'll spend some time looking over the logs in details.
[15:24] <bdrung> ok. next: bug #2067120
[15:24] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2067120 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport-retrace crashed with subprocess.CalledProcessError in check_call(): Command '['dpkg', '-x', '/srv/vms/apport-retrace/Ubuntu 24.04/apt/var/cache/apt/archives//base-files_13ubuntu9_amd64.deb', '/tmp/apport_sandbox_zj9wto2z']' returned non-zero exit status 2." [High, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2067120
[15:25] <bdrung> @bdmurray, i suggested a fix for what i could see. Can you test if that fixes it for you as well?
[15:25] <bdrung> IMO we can tag this one as foundations-todo
[15:25] <bdmurray> bdrung: I will test it today
[15:26] <bdrung> okay. tagged.
[15:27] <bdrung> bug #2063094
[15:27] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2063094 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "unattended-upgrades is running forever" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2063094
[15:31] <bdrung> this is the bug @Skia talked about previously
[15:32] <bdrung> should we tag it? it looks important enough to me and @adrien provided logs (i did not look into unattended-upgrades-bt.tar.xz)
[15:33] <ogayot> I also think we should tag it
[15:34] <bdrung> tagged
[15:34] <Skia> I think it's bdmurray that mentionned it, I don't have any context on this one, but I only know that it might be linked to LP#2056461 that I investigated from a very different angle
[15:34] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2056461 in linux (Ubuntu) "autopkgtest-virt-qemu on noble images sometimes hangs doing copydown" [Undecided, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2056461
[15:34] <schopin> do we have enough to debug it?
[15:34] <bdmurray> Based of what adrien said I'm somewhat concerned issues are being conflated here
[15:35] <adrien> I'm a bit surprised with the stacks I've been seeing: I would have assumed they don't take CPU time
[15:36] <adrien> maybe the same operation fails repeatedly and is re-tried however
[15:36] <adrien> but I was also planning to wait for Julian to look at the traces before thinking more about the issue
[15:36] <bdrung> adrien, will you carry that bug forward?
[15:37] <bdrung> next: bug #2067071
[15:37] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2067071 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "cannot upgrade from 23.10 to 24.04, error in _install_t64_replacement_packages" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2067071
[15:37] <bdrung> oh, i see "TypeError: apport_excepthook() missing 1 required positional argument: 'exc_tb'" in there
[15:38] <bdrung> the python stack trace looks simple enough to debug that. any objections to tagging it?
[15:38] <adrien> bdrung: no, I don't have time for that, especially since I'm not familiar with that and also since python-auth2client will be quite some work
[15:39] <bdmurray> Let's hold leave the uanttended-upgrades bug for next week then
[15:39] <bdmurray> enr0n: Are there any duplicates of bug 2067071?
[15:39] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2067071 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "cannot upgrade from 23.10 to 24.04, error in _install_t64_replacement_packages" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2067071
[15:39] <enr0n> Yeah we should definitely take this. I wanted Julian's input on why the _cand would be None
[15:39] <enr0n> bdmurray: maybe, but I have not had time yet to go through all the recent bug reports
[15:40] <bdrung> tagged
[15:40] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:40] <bdrung> bug #2063204
[15:40] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2063204 in livecd-rootfs (Ubuntu) "Desktop-Live ships /etc/netplan/01-network-manager-all.yaml in addition to /usr/lib/netplan/00-network-manager-all.yaml" [Medium, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2063204
[15:42] <bdrung> looks like there is a foundation discussion how to address it. objections to tagging it?
[15:45] <bdrung> tagged then.
[15:45] <bdrung> bug #1969394
[15:45] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1969394 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "'Settings & Livepatch' button opens 'settings' tab, not livepatch" [Low, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1969394
[15:46] <bdmurray> that might be more desktop
[15:46] <bdrung> Seems more like an UI task that we can leave to the desktop team
[15:46] <bdrung> bug #2063467
[15:46] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2063467 in needrestart (Ubuntu) "needrestart should mark services as needing a restart in systemd" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2063467
[15:48] <bdrung> leaving it for next week for juliank to be back
[15:48] <bdrung> bug #2067350
[15:48] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2067350 in glibc (Ubuntu) "Removal of 31-bit (s390) glibc packages" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2067350
[15:49] <bdrung> looks valid to me. schopin should we tag it?
[15:50] <schopin> as far as glibc is concerned I'm OK with this, but I'd like doko's ACK on it for the gcc part?
[15:50] <bdrung> schopin, can you get dokos response in the ticket? then let's keep it till next week.
[15:51] <bdrung> bug #2015538
[15:51] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2015538 in dbus-broker (Ubuntu) "[MIR] dbus-broker" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2015538
[15:51] <bdrung> leave that to the desktop team
[15:51] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:51] <bdrung> bug #2041518
[15:51] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2041518 in gtk+3.0 (Ubuntu) "/usr/share/apport/apport-gtk:5:_g_log_abort:g_log_writer_default:g_log_structured_array:g_log_structured_array:g_log_structured_standard" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2041518
[15:52] <bdrung> that is for the desktop team as well
[15:52] <bdrung> bug #2041831
[15:52] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2041831 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/update-manager:11:g_type_check_instance_is_fundamentally_a:g_object_ref:gdk_event_copy:pygi_boxed_copy_in_place:arg_boxed_to_py_cleanup" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2041831
[15:52] <bdrung> same here
[15:52] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:52] <bdrung> nothing for foundations
[15:53] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:53] <bdrung> same here. nothing for foundations
[15:53] <bdrung> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:53] <bdrung> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[15:55] <adrien> I started on the python-oauth2client and I think removal is doable but it will take some time as revdeps are not updated in packages :/
[15:56] <bdrung> fwupd-efi: vorlon (carry over from last week)
[15:56] <bdrung> pyopenssl: adrien (carry over from last week)
[15:57] <bdrung> gcc-13-cross: vorlon (carry over from last week)
[15:57] <bdrung> libsub-override-perl: cpete (carry over from last week)
[15:58] <bdrung> ncurses: zhsj
[15:59] <bdrung> openssl vs nodejs: that screems adrien or should i pick someone else?
[15:59] <adrien> bdrung: "yeah"
[15:59] <zhsj> ack
[16:00] <bdrung> dracut: me
[16:00] <adrien> it's expected that openssl 3.2 will fix it
[16:00] <adrien> (IIUC)
[16:00] <bdrung> netplan.io: the netplan team
[16:01] <bdrung> systemd vs the rest of the world: enr0n (carry over from last week)
[16:02] <bdrung> cryptsetup: schopin
[16:02] <bdrung> curl vs nodejs: ogayot
[16:02] <ogayot> bdrung: ack
[16:03] <bdrung> sphinx: mkukri
[16:03] <mkukri> ack
[16:03] <bdrung> apt: juliank
[16:04] <mkukri> isnt juliank ooo?
[16:04] <bdrung> dhcpcd: dbungert
[16:05] <dbungert> ack
[16:05] <bdrung> juliank, is ooo but will be back next week
[16:06] <schopin> (belated ack for cryptsetup)
[16:06] <bdrung> lzo2: dviererbe
[16:06] <dviererbe> ack
[16:07] <bdrung> now reaching the fresh ones
[16:07] <bdrung> all that did not get one can be happv
[16:07] <bdrung> #topic AOB
[16:08] <bdrung> speak now or forever hold your peace
[16:08] <bdrung> #endmeeting
[16:08] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 16:08:59 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-05-30-15.03.moin.txt
[16:09] <Skia> thanks!
[16:21] <adrien> mkukri: I take it that cryptsetup thing is not related to openssl >= 3.2 ?
[16:28] <mkukri> merging cryptsetup requires new openssl. unless someone else uploaded a cryptsetup the regression should be unrelated
[16:44] <adrien> mkukri: ok, thanks
