=== nicoz_ is now known as nicoz
[15:00] <dviererbe> o/
[15:00]  * vorlon waves
[15:00] <Skia> o/
[15:00] <bdrung_> \o
[15:00] <dbungert> o/
[15:01] <ogayot> o/
[15:01] <bdmurray> o/
[15:01] <juliank> Ah shoot I'm a bit late
[15:01] <ginggs> o/
[15:01] <liushuyu> o/
[15:01] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:01] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:31 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:01] <upils> o/
[15:01] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:01] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:02] <vorlon> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-05-23/45236
[15:02] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-05-23/45236
[15:02] <tobhe> o/
[15:02] <juliank> Ah vorlon was faster
[15:02] <adrien_web> \o
[15:02] <ravikant_> o/
[15:02] <vorlon> yeah but unofficial since I'm not the chair :)
[15:03] <vorlon> adrien_web: typo, s/libm/libmia/
[15:03] <bdrung_> vorlon, typo, s/libm/libmi/
[15:03] <xypron> \o
[15:03] <vorlon> bdrung_: hahaha
[15:04] <zhsj> o/
[15:04] <vorlon> clearly taking time to re-adjust to my desktop keyboard ;)
[15:04] <bdmurray> I didn't realize how much I missed mine
[15:05] <bdrung_> i'll be back to a proper keyboard tomorrow
[15:05] <bdmurray> "Working on adding snap support to flamenco tool" more flamenco!
[15:05] <vorlon> "asking for creds for ps6 s390x" omg yes
[15:05] <adrien_web> Will fix whenever my laptop gets the tethering. :)
[15:05] <tobhe> *flamingo
[15:06] <dviererbe> No it' called " flamenco
[15:06] <dviererbe> " like the dance
[15:07] <mclemenceau> o/
[15:08] <adrien> all I know is that I'm right with the plural :P
[15:08] <vorlon> *flaming hot cheetos
[15:08] <bdmurray> that doesn't concatenate to flamenco
[15:11] <vorlon> upils: sparse image support yum - what's missing/needed there?
[15:11] <schopin> danilogondolfo: I commend you on the conciseness of your report :)
[15:12] <danilogondolfo> schopin, thanks :)
[15:12] <upils> vorlon, in the end, probably a call to `img2simg` but I would like to make sure I understand it (I just recently discovered sparse images)
[15:13] <vorlon> hmmm auto-sparsing, suspicious
[15:13] <upils> oh no, upon request
[15:13] <juliank> moving on
[15:13] <vorlon> well yes but img2simg is going to be heuristic
[15:13] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:14] <juliank> do we have oo yet?
[15:14] <juliank> No not yet
[15:14] <vorlon> bdmurray: ^ ?
[15:14] <bdmurray> Hmm
[15:14] <bdmurray> I'll get to it this week
[15:14] <juliank> bdmurray: thanks
[15:15] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-na-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:15] <vorlon> na?
[15:15] <juliank> sigh
[15:15] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:15] <juliank> So this only has bug 2063094
[15:15] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2063094 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "unattended-upgrades is running forever" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2063094
[15:16] <juliank> Which sure we should fix but have no actionable info on so far
[15:16] <juliank> I spend an hour or so reading the code and I don't see a loop in unattended-upgrades that could run forever
[15:17] <bdmurray> I thought there were sample apt-clone files?
[15:17] <juliank> No
[15:18] <juliank> SO I asked for more gdb backtraces, we need to figure out where it is looping and not just have a single backtrace
[15:18] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:18] <juliank> This only has the desktop assigned crashes in it
[15:18] <juliank> jj and ff are empty
[15:18] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:18] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[15:19] <juliank> vorlon:
[15:19] <vorlon> let's see!
[15:19] <vorlon> 14 packages needing attention, that's not too bad
[15:19] <vorlon> fwupd-efi is probably unapproved signed binaries, I'll follow up
[15:19] <vorlon> golang-defaults vs ycmd, sounds like zhsj is already working on this
[15:20] <vorlon> pyopenssl: adrien?
[15:20] <zhsj> yes, golang-defaults will be migrated after the pending running.
[15:20] <adrien> ack (but also :fear:)
[15:20] <vorlon> cmake and libuv1: bdrung_?
[15:20] <bdrung_> ack
[15:21] <vorlon> gcc-13-cross: ugh this looks like more cross-source-package component mismatches madness; I'll follow up
[15:21] <adrien> also, I'm preparing openssl 3.2 so I might delay/skip some things if they're related to openssl 3.0
[15:21] <vorlon> libsub-override-perl appears to need an MIR. Any volunteers?
[15:21] <juliank> vorlon: fwupd-efi is awkward but I think  you can reject the binaries, it's a sync that needs to go through the signing PPA workflow instead, so rejecting the binaries and building them in the uefi build PPA is probably the best idea
[15:22] <vorlon> juliank: sure. have we been rerouting fwupd-efi through the signing ppa?  or have we been just signing them with the old and useless key :)
[15:22] <vorlon> juliank: anyway you and I can coordinate
[15:23] <vorlon> libsub-override-perl: cpete
[15:23] <vorlon> numpy: dbungert
[15:23] <dbungert> ack
[15:23] <cpete> vorlon: ack
[15:24] <vorlon> llvm-toolchain-18: will punt this to locutusofborg for the moment
[15:24] <vorlon> systemd: enr0n are you already on this?
[15:24] <enr0n> vorlon: yes indeed
[15:24] <vorlon> ok then that's everything for this week
[15:24] <vorlon> juliank:
[15:24] <ginggs> llvm-toolchain-18 just waiting on riscv64 build, i believe
[15:24] <juliank> #topic AOB
[15:24] <vorlon> ginggs: confirmed
[15:25] <juliank> I should take 2nd half of next week off but I haven't filed that yet :D
[15:25] <bdrung_> schopin, you forgot to mention apport reviews in your status update!
[15:26] <schopin> Next week we need to do the assignments in reverse order :)
[15:26] <adrien> python-oauth2client uses an API that has been removed from pyopenssl; project has been dead for years; let's kill it this time?
[15:27] <schopin> bdrung_: nah, it was all done in <30mn, not worth mentioning ;)
[15:27] <adrien> I'll be off tomorrow and monday
[15:28] <schopin> adrien: good luck with killing it, it has a few rdeps.
[15:28] <ogayot> adrien: I tried to drop it last cycle and ended up fixing it
[15:28] <juliank> I have 5 APT test cases to analyse and possibly fix for the new solver and then the first batch is over
[15:29] <juliank> Or I should say the first round, not first batch :)
[15:29] <adrien> ogayot: ah, I remembered some things but I didn't know you had actually tried to drop it :/
[15:29] <vorlon> next Monday is a US holiday
[15:29] <vorlon> National Grilling Day
[15:29] <juliank> This is all the easy fixes so we have the test suite working for bigger solver changes
[15:29] <juliank> Also Saturday is a towel day
[15:29] <zhsj> i'll be off tomorrow as well.
[15:30] <juliank> OK let's wrap up here!
[15:30] <juliank> #endmeeting
[15:30] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:30:33 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-05-23-15.01.moin.txt
[16:44] <adrien> ogayot: did you try to get some revdeps updated in debian?
