[15:00] <bdrung> \o
[15:00] <ginggs> o/
[15:00] <Skia> o7
[15:00] <xypron> \o
[15:00] <upils> o/
[15:01] <ravikant_> o/
[15:01] <mkukri> o/
[15:01] <juliank> o/
[15:01] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:01] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:26 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:01] <tobhe> o/
[15:01] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:01] <dviererbe> o/
[15:01] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:01] <pushkarnk> o/
[15:01] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-07-04/
[15:02] <zhsj> o/
[15:04] <adrien> \o
[15:05] <slyon> o/
[15:05] <Skia> adrien: don't worry, you're not up to the task to bring down autopkgtest.u.c with your britney, compared to the bots :D
[15:06] <Skia> adrien: still, we would certainly appreciate if you could set a very clear user-agent to run your queries
[15:06] <bdmurray> +1
[15:06] <Skia> adrien: a blackhole slips easily these days
[15:06] <bdmurray> s/slips/consumes all/
[15:07] <adrien> Skia: that's a good comparison actually: how many requests were there at the same time?
[15:07] <adrien> Skia: I'll keep that in mind; if I don't, I have a static IP (not from a big commercial national telco though)
[15:07] <Skia> adrien: the biggest one was about 200k per day, iirc, and most were above 5k
[15:08] <Skia> adrien: good to know, I also take a careful look at the whois before blackholing
[15:08] <adrien> I'll see how many queries I may send, but not before September, that's for sure :)
[15:09] <adrien> Skia: oh, and since I self-host and you know which domain names I use, you also know my IP
[15:09] <Skia> adrien: yes, but I would have to look that up, except if you put `Hello there, Skia` in your UA :D
[15:10] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:10] <juliank> The trackers are basically empty today, the only item for us is
[15:11] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:11] <juliank> bug 2071815
[15:11] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2071815 in openssh (Ubuntu) "Investigate ASLR re-randomization being disabled for children" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2071815
[15:11] <adrien> Skia: sure, and I'll try to remember I need to set the UA, but just in case :)
[15:11] <juliank> But I think we need to discuss this with Nick next week, but we can just tag it foundations-todo and discuss it Monday
[15:11] <ginggs> juliank: please also scroll up to 'unknown' for the htpdate bug
[15:11] <tobhe> juliank: sounds good
[15:13] <juliank> bug 2071779
[15:13] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2071779 in htpdate (Ubuntu) "htpdate: autopkgtest failure on ppc64el" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2071779
[15:14] <juliank> ginggs: This has no reverse dependencies so um just demote it to proposed or remove it and it won't migrate back until they pass again
[15:14] <juliank> Shrug
[15:15] <ginggs> juliank: this regressed due to openssl, adrien thought it might need investigating
[15:16] <juliank> It passed once this morning but failed
[15:16] <juliank> but failed more often
[15:16] <adrien> I don't think the issue is related to openssl, could be arithmetic unfortunately
[15:17] <adrien> one possibility though is that time offset for the ppc64el test runners is larger than for other machines
[15:18] <juliank> I don't care much about this
[15:18] <juliank> It seems like one of the weird time sync issues and it failing isn't new
[15:18] <schopin> how come that wasn't a regression against openssl?
[15:19] <juliank> Oh well it is new against the openssl
[15:19] <juliank> but still I don't see any openssl issue there
[15:19] <adrien> well, it was working before it seems; and ginggs added a hint
[15:19] <schopin> I think it warrants investigation then.
[15:19] <adrien> I don't see why it would be related to openssl unless there's memory corruption or something I don't understand; I can try to spend some time to investigate during the coming days
[15:20] <juliank> alright
[15:20] <juliank> I am adding an openssl task to it otherwise this gets lost
[15:21] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:21] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[15:21]  * juliank gathers all the lists
[15:22] <juliank> Odd
[15:23] <juliank> OK the tooling is *a bit* broken
[15:24] <schopin> has pyopenssl really been on that list for 2 months?
[15:24] <adrien> yes, there are many impacted packages unfortunately
[15:25] <adrien> remaining: beancount (maybe), fence-agents, certbot
[15:26] <schopin> Oh is that the surface end of the rabbit hole you went into with google auth?
[15:26] <adrien> and pydrive2 but maybe the "solution" will be to vendor python-oauth2client
[15:26] <juliank> pyoenssl is with adrien still
[15:26] <adrien> schopin: exactly
[15:27] <juliank> OK let's try to assign from the list even if we miss data
[15:28] <juliank> libxml-libxml-perl tobhe
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[15:30] <juliank> dracut is bdrung
[15:31] <bdrung> yes, my second name is dracut
[15:31] <juliank> orthanc-dicomweb goes liushuyu
[15:32] <samirkamerkar> Zixing is out today, tomorrow, but back on Monday.
[15:32] <schopin> that'll be early enough ;)
[15:32] <juliank> I'm at the wrong list
[15:32] <juliank> Sorry
[15:33] <juliank> apport is with schopin
[15:33] <juliank> llvm-toolchain-18 liushuyu then
[15:35] <juliank> fakeroot zhsj per special reequest
[15:35] <juliank> dh-cargo: Skia
[15:35] <Skia> ack
[15:35] <juliank> At least one failed with infra issues!
[15:35] <zhsj> ack, looks like we still need fakeroot on armhf
[15:36] <juliank> gcc-13-cross doko
[15:36] <juliank> dash pushkarnk
[15:36] <juliank> ok
[15:36] <juliank> dash dviererbe
[15:37] <juliank> glibc is a mixed bag we can just assign each itme
[15:37] <schopin> Oh yes please :)
[15:37] <juliank> bettercap vs glibc pushkarnk
[15:37] <pushkarnk> ack
[15:37] <juliank> cyrus-imapd vs glibc: ravikant_
[15:38] <ravikant_> ack
[15:38] <juliank> glibc vs isa-support: upils
[15:38] <upils> ack
[15:38] <juliank> octave-dicom vs glibc cpete
[15:38] <juliank> plplot vs glibc: juliank
[15:39] <juliank> gcc-11 is also with doko
[15:39] <juliank> * gcc-13 and gcc-14
[15:39] <juliank> Fixing up the broken builds more than proposed migration :)
[15:39] <juliank> #topic AOB
[15:40] <dviererbe> https://manpages.ubuntu.com/ has no 24.10 tab
[15:40] <bdrung> juliank, can you also assign multipath-tools? it's blocking initramfs-tools.
[15:40] <bdrung> i found a rls-ee-incoming bug: bug #1769297
[15:40] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1769297 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu Noble) "resume from hibernation broken when resume image is autodetected (UUID= syntax used)" [Medium, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1769297
[15:44] <juliank> multipath-tools vs initramfs-tools: waveform
[15:44] <waveform> ack
[15:44] <bdmurray> which ee?
[15:45] <juliank> eery emancipated emule
[15:45] <bdrung> the bug was filed in 2018
[15:46] <juliank> Alright I untagged it
[15:46] <juliank> #endmeeting
[15:46] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:46:49 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-07-04-15.01.moin.txt
