=== dviererbe1 is now known as dviererbe
[15:29] <cpaelzer> o/
[15:30] <jamespage> o/
[15:30] <slyon> o/
[15:31] <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status
[15:31] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:31:19 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:31] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:31] <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )
[15:31] <cpaelzer> thanks you all for driving some meetings I missed :-/
[15:31] <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches
[15:31] <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams
[15:31] <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg
[15:31] <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg
[15:32] <sarnold> good morning
[15:32] <cpaelzer> hrm, I created a stub for jemalloc
[15:32] <cpaelzer> why is that not shown ...
[15:33] <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/jemalloc/+bug/2088056
[15:33] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2088056 in jemalloc (Ubuntu) "[MIR] jemalloc" [Undecided, Incomplete]
[15:33] <cpaelzer> anyway - assume server knows and will handle it
[15:33] <slyon> missing subsriber..
[15:33] <cpaelzer> right, it was too incomplete but otherwise it indeed doe not pull it
[15:33] <cpaelzer> thanks sarnold
[15:34] <cpaelzer> I saw an agreement between desktop/foundations on architecture-propoerties
[15:34] <sarnold> not me, i'm barely awake :)
[15:34] <cpaelzer> which leaves two new blocks
[15:34] <cpaelzer> tell me if you handled them last time
[15:34] <slyon> cpaelzer: yes, architecture-properties only needs an AA for the promotion
[15:34] <cpaelzer> slyon: ok, I can deal with that tomorrow
[15:34] <slyon> thx
[15:35] <cpaelzer> There is python-osprofiler leading to a lot - has that been discussed?
[15:35] <jamespage> on my TODO list from last week
[15:35] <cpaelzer> it is ok to live there
[15:35] <cpaelzer> is highway also only waiting for an AA
[15:35] <cpaelzer> checkign ...
[15:35] <slyon> cpaelzer: not yet
[15:35] <sarnold> it's only useful if jpeg-xl also goes in
[15:36] <cpaelzer> waiting got xl
[15:36] <slyon> well, it's basically ready, but we need jpeg-xl first
[15:36] <cpaelzer> ok
[15:36] <cpaelzer> and scrolling to the right
[15:36] <cpaelzer> python-pint -> flexcache/flexparser
[15:36] <cpaelzer> jamespage: also on your list, or is this something else?
[15:36] <sarnold> iirc also jamespage, also known
[15:36] <jamespage> it is
[15:36] <cpaelzer> ok
[15:36] <cpaelzer> nothing really new we need to deal with then
[15:36] <cpaelzer> \o/
[15:37] <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs
[15:37] <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing
[15:37] <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[15:37] <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/node-undici/+bug/2080872
[15:37] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2080872 in node-undici (Ubuntu) "libgit2: replace unmaintained http-parser dependency with llhttp" [Undecided, New]
[15:37] <slyon> yeah... the http-parser replacement
[15:37] <slyon> I'd love some security team input on that one. Debian switched back to legacy/deprecated http-parser for now
[15:38] <slyon> But we should still come up with a decision, so we're prepared to drop http-parser sooner rather than later.
[15:39] <slyon> we could wait for some proper llhttp packaging to happen (there's now a Debian bug report about it), or use the vendored llhttp by libgit2 upstream for the time being
[15:39] <slyon> (if approved by security)
[15:39] <cpaelzer> so the proposal is using the vendored one until it available on its own?
[15:39] <slyon> yes, that would be my proposal
[15:40] <cpaelzer> I think we need to assign https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libgit2/+bug/2080872 back to security unless sarnold wants to answer that right away
[15:40] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2080872 in node-undici (Ubuntu) "libgit2: replace unmaintained http-parser dependency with llhttp" [Undecided, New]
[15:40] <sarnold> good idea
[15:40] <cpaelzer> sarnold: what do you think, able to answer right away or taking some time to do that right and assigning ubuntu-security?
[15:40] <sarnold> I'll answer now
[15:41] <cpaelzer> thank you
[15:41] <slyon> thx!
[15:41] <cpaelzer> do you do so on the bug or here (in which case we copy and paste it to the bug) :-)
[15:42] <cpaelzer> let us assume on the bug :-)
[15:42] <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions
[15:42] <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams
[15:42] <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[15:42] <cpaelzer> the two flexes as part of pint as discussed before
[15:42] <cpaelzer> but a few more
[15:43] <cpaelzer> on bug 2058192 the creation of isolation features continues
[15:43] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2058192 in OEM Priority Project "[MIR] lenovo-wwan-unlock" [Critical, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2058192
[15:43] <cpaelzer> on bug 2015538 there is hope for a new tool, up to foundations to find time I guess slyon?
[15:43] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2015538 in dbus-broker (Ubuntu) "[MIR] dbus-broker" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2015538
[15:44] <cpaelzer> bug 2054480 got an MP linked
[15:44] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2054480 in nbd (Ubuntu) "[MIR] nbd-client" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2054480
[15:44] <cpaelzer> great, happy to see that coming
[15:44] <slyon> yeah... unclear who is driving the dbus-broker thing at the moment. Last it was the desktop team
[15:44] <cpaelzer> thanks waveform for working on this
[15:45] <cpaelzer> OK slyon, I was only assuming as it was your comment - but indeed it used to be desktop before
[15:45] <cpaelzer> didrocks isn't around or he could just poke for opinions internally, maybe jbicha ^^?
[15:45] <slyon> right, we discussed it during foundations triage, without specific action items, though
[15:46] <cpaelzer> bug 2087937 was fixed by downgrading the dependency
[15:46] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2087937 in mmdebstrap (Ubuntu) "[MIR] mmdebstrap" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2087937
[15:46] <cpaelzer> bug 2071717 still is worked on by industrial people
[15:46] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2071717 in linuxptp (Ubuntu) "[MIR] linuxptp" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2071717
[15:46] <cpaelzer> ok, all in incomplete is in better state than we could hope for
[15:46] <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements
[15:46] <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues
[15:46] <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls
[15:46] <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues
[15:47] <cpaelzer> I've made about 10 minutes of progress on #70 but then reality caught up :-/
[15:47] <cpaelzer> nothing else that is new
[15:47] <cpaelzer> 70 = https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues/70
[15:47] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Issue 70 in canonical/ubuntu-mir "Desire to automate some text-processing" [Open]
[15:47] <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue
[15:47] <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?
[15:47] <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.
[15:47] <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[15:47] <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[15:47] <cpaelzer> Internal link
[15:47] <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect
[15:47] <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much
[15:47] <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594
[15:48] <cpaelzer> we see the formerly mentioned jpeg-xl and a few ohers
[15:48] <cpaelzer> sarnold: I'm happy to see new faces as assigned
[15:48] <cpaelzer> is training more going well?
[15:49] <sarnold> alas, I'm the bottleneck there, I still need to make progress on pushing better documentation and tooling over the finish line
[15:49] <cpaelzer> :-)
[15:49] <sarnold> but i'm very happy to see enthusiasm and interest from folks
[15:49] <cpaelzer> \o/
[15:49] <cpaelzer> glad to hear that
[15:49] <sarnold> I just hope that we have easier cases than jpeg-xl and provd for first reviews :)
[15:49] <cpaelzer> AFAICS there is not much more in these queues today
[15:49] <cpaelzer> agreed
[15:49] <cpaelzer> jamespage: will provide some easy python libs soon
[15:49] <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?
[15:50] <sarnold> oh yeah, those are likely ideal :)
[15:50] <sarnold> I'm on PTO next week, I'll miss next week's meeting
[15:50] <jamespage> have a nice break :)
[15:50] <sarnold> and only a few days in the year after that
[15:50] <sarnold> thanks :D
[15:50] <cpaelzer> enjoy it sarnold
[15:50] <cpaelzer> I should have resolved my conflicts that have held me back the recent weeks
[15:50] <sarnold> (US federal holiday means many of your colleagues will be out some of the week)
[15:50] <cpaelzer> until end of year shutdown my availability here should be better
[15:51] <cpaelzer> indeed, thanks giving free infrastructure time to us in EMEA
[15:51] <sarnold> :D
[15:51] <cpaelzer> ok then party people, that seems to be it for today
[15:51] <cpaelzer> any last words?
[15:51] <sarnold> just so long as nobody breaks the holiday sales, hehe
[15:51] <cpaelzer> hehe
[15:52] <cpaelzer> famous last words - if you want a great random password, do not use "J%FV\E1,[@k!"
[15:52] <cpaelzer> bye
[15:52] <sarnold> lol
[15:52] <slyon> haha!
[15:52] <slyon> thanks all! o/
[15:52] <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all
[15:52] <cpaelzer> there is no magic, came out of pwgen, but now it is in IRC logs messing up the AI overlords
[15:52] <cpaelzer> #endmeeting
[15:52] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:52:45 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-11-19-15.31.moin.txt
[15:54] <jamespage> thanks cpaelzer
[19:59] <seb128> hey there
[20:00] <rbasak> o/
[20:01]  * vorlon waves
[20:01] <seb128> ok, I'm the chair for that one according to the Agenda
[20:01] <seb128> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board
[20:01] <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:01:59 UTC.  The chair is seb128.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[20:02] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[20:02] <amurray> o/
[20:02] <seb128> Lukasz declined
[20:02] <seb128> let's get started
[20:02] <seb128> #topic Action review
[20:03] <seb128> ACTION: vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays
[20:03] <vorlon> carry-over
[20:03] <seb128> #action vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays
[20:03] <meetingology> ACTION: vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays
[20:03] <seb128> ACTION: seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
[20:03] <seb128> carrying over
[20:03] <seb128> #action seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
[20:03] <meetingology> ACTION: seb128 to continue working with AA and Release teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
[20:03] <seb128> ACTION: sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor
[20:03] <seb128> he's not around and I didn't see activity about it so I'm carrying over
[20:04] <seb128> #action sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor
[20:04] <meetingology> ACTION: sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification to ensure the listed contacts can action the flavor
[20:04] <seb128> ACTION: seb128 to contact the CC regarding the upcoming TB elections
[20:04] <seb128> I did and got a reply, https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/technical-board/2024-November/002949.html
[20:04] <seb128> they said "this weekend" a week ago so they missed that weekend but I guess it's still on track
[20:05] <seb128> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)
[20:06] <seb128> I don't see any
[20:06] <seb128> #info Nothing recent on the mailing list that requires attention
[20:06] <seb128> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs
[20:06] <seb128> #info No open community bugs
[20:06] <seb128> #info One outstanding techboard bugs on DMB member inactivity causing issues
[20:06] <amurray> I notice Merlijn says they expected the call to go out last weekend but I haven't see anything yet
[20:07] <seb128> amurray, right, that's what I meant by " they said "this weekend" a week ago so they missed that weekend"
[20:07] <seb128> I will follow up just in case
[20:07] <amurray> yeah, sorry I think my bouncer is playing up and delaying messages so not sure if my message showed up in the right place
[20:08] <amurray> thanks
[20:08] <seb128> np!
[20:08] <seb128> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)
[20:08] <seb128> #info The next chair will be vorlon with sil2100 as backup
[20:08] <seb128> #topic AOB
[20:08] <seb128> AOB?
[20:08] <rbasak> None from me
[20:09] <amurray> nor me
[20:09] <seb128> nor from me
[20:09] <vorlon> none here
[20:09] <seb128> ok, let's wrap then, thanks everyone!
[20:09] <seb128> #endmeeting
[20:09] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 20:09:53 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-11-19-20.01.moin.txt
[20:09] <vorlon> thanks!
[20:10] <amurray> thanks for chairing seb128
[20:11] <rbasak> Thanks1
