=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== JanC is now known as Guest1154
=== JanC_ is now known as JanC
=== cpete_ is now known as cpete
=== rkratky__ is now known as rkratky
[16:00] <bdrung> \o
[16:00] <pushkarnk> \o
[16:00] <ogayot> o/
[16:00] <dviererbe> o/
[16:01] <upils> o/
[16:02] <schopin> o/
[16:02] <zhsj> o/
[16:02] <ginggs> o/
[16:02] <liushuyu> o/
[16:02] <mkukri> o/
[16:03] <juliank> o/
[16:03] <juliank> wiFi is dead
[16:03] <dviererbe> F
[16:03] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[16:03] <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:03:35 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[16:03] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[16:03] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[16:04] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-02-29/
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[16:07] <juliank> I'm waiting for the cable modem to reboot
[16:09] <bdmurray> What is tmuxp?
[16:09] <bdmurray> powerful tmux?
[16:10] <waveform> python lib for the package
[16:10] <ginggs> bdmurray: something with flaky autopkgtests
[16:10] <ginggs> a session manager for tmuxp, apparently
[16:10] <dviererbe> :D
[16:10] <bdmurray> ginggs: that applies to a lot of packages. ;-)
[16:10] <waveform> ah, interesting
[16:11] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[16:11] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:11] <juliank> bug 2019026
[16:11] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2019026 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd /tmp cleaning is suboptimal" [Wishlist, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2019026
[16:13] <enr0n> I mostly tagged this to see if people felt strongly enough that we should change the default. I took the stance of "if admin wants something different, just change the config", but I don't want to be an unnecessary blocker with my opinion
[16:13] <bdmurray> I'm +1 for auto cleaning and the way things used to be
[16:17] <vorlon> I mean, I think I made my position clear :)
[16:18] <juliank> I prefer the new behavior
[16:18] <juliank> Actually I prefer /tmp on tmpfs so I don't care
[16:18] <vorlon> cleaning only on boot, on systems with persistent /tmp, has some bad side effects
[16:18] <vorlon> juliank: yes so you don't get a vote ;D
[16:20] <waveform> I'd be quite happy to revert to the old behaviour
[16:21] <bdrung> /tmp is on tmpfs on my system, but cleaning it periodically will save memory
[16:22] <vorlon> that too!
[16:22] <Skia> same here, old behavior was good
[16:23] <juliank> tagged and targeted
[16:23] <juliank> bug 2054319
[16:23] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2054319 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "System installed from jammy point release iso cannot upgrade to noble" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2054319
[16:25] <juliank> untagged and marked invalid, as we have 3-4 separate bugs
[16:26] <juliank> bug 2055175
[16:26] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2055175 in ubuntu-z-systems "[UBUNTU 23.10] s390x: clone clobbers r7" [Medium, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2055175
[16:28] <vorlon> glibc
[16:28] <vorlon> I guess we need to take it
[16:28] <juliank> ack
[16:29] <schopin> I'm not sure I'll want to SRU this, though.
[16:29] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:29] <vorlon> it's only targeted to mantic and noble so I think that's fair
[16:29] <juliank> nobody runs mantic anyway
[16:29] <juliank> on s390x
[16:29] <juliank> nothing new on mm
[16:29] <vorlon> or even if they do they won't for long?
[16:30] <juliank> neither for jj or ff
[16:30] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[16:30] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[16:30] <juliank> vorlon: you wanna go?
[16:30] <juliank> I don't think there's really anything new in there though
[16:31] <schopin> there's a hint request opened for glibc to unblock the kernel (apparmor changes broke the test suite)
[16:31] <juliank> All the light grey stuff will be t64 and we should not assign them _yet_
[16:31] <vorlon> schopin: is the hint request acked by you?
[16:32] <vorlon> schopin: that had been my feedback: before we break the glibc testsuite we need agreement that this should be fixed on the glibc side
[16:32] <vorlon> juliank: so I think frankly it's not worth assigning anything this week
[16:32] <bdrung> initramfs-tools looks to be dep17 related
[16:32] <vorlon> everything is going to explode over the next few days in -proposed
[16:32] <schopin> vorlon: I haven't written it there yet but yes, I ACK.
[16:32] <juliank> ack
[16:32] <juliank> #topic AOB
[16:32] <vorlon> schopin: ok thanks.  happy to have you write something on the MP but I'll go ahead and merge now anyway
[16:33] <schopin> I was in the middle of this when the meeting started :P
[16:34] <adrien> off tomorrow
[16:34] <bdrung> autopkgtest/5.32ubuntu3 blocks the sbuild migration. Can someone have a look?
[16:34] <bdrung> (on s390x)
[16:37] <bdmurray> It passed?
[16:38] <Skia> looks like a timeout
[16:38] <bdmurray> I mean for it to be blocking it must have passed which is surprising
[16:38] <bdrung> https://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/a/autopkgtest/noble/s390x is relative green
[16:39] <Skia> bdmurray: yes, it passed, I fixed it, remember?
[16:39] <bdmurray> apparently not! ;-)
[16:40] <Skia> there's a retry ongoing, I'll monitor it and see what can be done about it
[16:40] <bdrung> thanks Skia
[16:42] <juliank> #endmeeting
[16:42] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 16:42:21 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-02-29-16.03.moin.txt
[16:44] <vorlon> schopin: aha and your comment on the MP allowed me to find it in my inbox, thanks :)
[16:45] <schopin> yw
=== mwhudson_ is now known as mwhudson
