[14:30] <sarnold> good morning
[14:31] <jbicha> o/
[14:31] <slyon> o/
[14:31] <slyon> c_paelzer seems to be out, let me prepare a few tabs to run the meeting
[14:31] <joalif> o/
[14:31] <slyon> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status
[14:31] <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:31:54 UTC.  The chair is slyon.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[14:31] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[14:31] <slyon> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )
[14:32] <slyon> #topic current component mismatches
[14:32] <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams
[14:32] <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg
[14:32] <slyon> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg
[14:32] <jbicha> I'm working on gnome-snapshot, apologies for the impact on the report
[14:33] <slyon> sysprof is new. both both dependencies (libpanel, libdex) seem to be handled.
[14:33] <slyon> I moved bug #2066272 to "Fix Committed". But it still needs a team bug-subscriber CC jbicha
[14:33] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2066272 in libpanel (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libpanel" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2066272
[14:33] <jbicha> there is a bug subscriber now
[14:33] <slyon> thx! Let's wait for some AA to promote it, then
[14:34] <slyon> bug #2066262
[14:34] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2066262 in libdex (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libdex" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2066262
[14:34] <slyon> we have security ACK and MIR looks good, too. Now that we're on the latest version. Do you agree joalif? Could you move the bug to "Fix Committed" if you feel like your requirements where met?
[14:35] <joalif> sure"
[14:35] <slyon> dkms, -x11-utils, referencing and autopkgtest are still in progress.
[14:36] <slyon> and jbicha is working on the gnome-snapshot package, get rid of the big tree (I suppose we missed to vendor the rust-gst-plugin-gtk4 package, here)
[14:36] <slyon> #topic New MIRs
[14:36] <slyon> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing
[14:36] <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[14:36] <slyon> nothing.
[14:36] <slyon> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions
[14:36] <slyon> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams
[14:36] <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[14:37] <slyon> bug #2080062
[14:37] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2080062 in libspelling (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libspelling" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2080062
[14:37] <slyon> This is still a placeholder. No other updates besides it.
[14:37] <slyon> #topic Process/Documentation improvements
[14:37] <slyon> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues
[14:37] <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls
[14:37] <sarnold> wow, next cycle's MIRs :) impressive
[14:37] <slyon> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues
[14:38] <slyon> indeed!
[14:38] <sarnold> hey did I submit my review on https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/66 ?
[14:38] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Pull 66 in canonical/ubuntu-mir "Import Rust vendoring document" [Open]
[14:38] <slyon> No updates on GitHub, we're still waiting for more comments on https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/66 â please feel invited to add your stance to the PR discussion after the meeting. (Thanks sarnold for already doing it o/)
[14:38] <sarnold> yay thanks
[14:39] <sarnold> sometimes I just don't feel like I *know* what github is trying to show me
[14:39] <slyon> hehe :) But it's all there. I'll get it addressed, but still waiting for more comments, to do it all at once.
[14:39] <sarnold> good plan
[14:39] <slyon> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue
[14:39] <slyon> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?
[14:40] <slyon> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.
[14:40] <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[14:40] <slyon> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[14:40] <slyon> Internal link
[14:40] <slyon> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594
[14:40] <slyon> sarnold: how's the velocitiy on the security review side of things?
[14:40] <sarnold> slyon: velocity has improved, we've distributed some of the packages to people, and asked for more volunteers before we select some folks to be voluntold
[14:41] <sarnold> it still won't be as fast as we like but there's movement afoot
[14:41] <slyon> that's good news, thanks for your efforts of getting more people involved
[14:42] <slyon> #topic Any other business?
[14:42] <joalif> nothing from me
[14:42] <sarnold> none here
[14:42] <slyon> nothing from me either.
[14:43] <slyon> Alright, then. Let's wrap this early and try to get the in-flight MIRs/security-reviews done for this cycle. Also remember to comment on the GitHub PR.
[14:43] <slyon> Thanks all!
[14:43] <sarnold> thanks slyon, all :)
[14:43] <slyon> #endmeeting
[14:43] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 14:43:52 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-09-10-14.31.moin.txt
[14:46] <didrocks> and around
[14:47] <didrocks> waow, really short meeting, let me backlog
[14:47] <slyon> no TODOs for you :)
[14:47] <didrocks> slyon: jbicha: I will promote libpanel in a moment
[14:48] <didrocks> yeah, this consistent clash with school time was just good during summer holidays, but well, too many timezones to accomodate everyone :)
[14:48] <slyon> didrocks: thanks! libdex looks ready, too. (LP: #2066262)
[14:48] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2066262 in libdex (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libdex" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2066262
[14:48] <jbicha> didrocks: ok, it's also libdex and remaining binaries from sysprof. Thanks!
[14:49] <didrocks> will add them to my promotion basket :)
[14:56] <slyon> didrocks: while you're on it, one more which has become ready: bug #2078827
[14:56] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2078827 in luit (Ubuntu) "[MIR] luit" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2078827
[14:56] <slyon> And I've pinged the QA team to put their team bug-subscriber on retry (LP: #2076381) which would make that ready for promotion as well.
[14:56] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2076381 in retry (Ubuntu) "[MIR] retry" [Undecided, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2076381
[14:59] <didrocks> itâs almost christmas! :)
[15:10] <didrocks> slyon: jbicha: ok, so libpanel, libdex and luit promoted. I hold on on retry until it gets a team subscription
[15:29] <Skia> didrocks: just so you know, we just discovered that we don't have any admin anymore in that team, which means nobody is currently able to subscribe the team. We're trying to get this sorted asap :-)
[16:13] <didrocks> Skia: urgh, good luck!
[16:14] <Skia> nah, it's fine, it's already fixed, now we're just waiting on ravikant_ to subscribe the team :-)
[16:20] <didrocks> ack!
[16:20] <didrocks> Iâll have a look tomorrow morning at the bug if things changed :)
[16:26] <Skia> thanks :-)
[18:59]  * vorlon waves
[19:00] <rbasak> o/
[19:00] <rbasak> There are some items still on the agenda that I think are resolved wrt. the third party repo requirements work.
[19:01] <seb128> hey
[19:01] <rbasak> Since we ratified the draft in a recent meeting, I think the only thing left for me is an action item to document it.
[19:01] <rbasak> I'm not sure why I didn't edit the agenda last time.
[19:02] <seb128> so, looks like I'm chair for this one :)
[19:02] <seb128> #startmeeting Technical Board
[19:02] <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:02:30 UTC.  The chair is seb128.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[19:02] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[19:02] <seb128> #topic Apologies
[19:02] <seb128> #info Alex send an apologies email today
[19:03] <seb128> Lukasz doesn't seem to be around
[19:03] <seb128> #topic Action review
[19:04] <seb128> ACTION: vorlon to look into scripting for packages in flavor-specific overlays
[19:04] <vorlon> carry over
[19:04] <seb128> ack
[19:04] <vorlon> (still useful but a bit lower priority now that the LTS is out as-is...)
[19:04] <seb128> ACTION: seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
[19:05] <seb128> it's a carry over as well
[19:05] <seb128> ACTION: sil2100 to follow up on the Cinnamon 24.04 LTS Qualification re the number of contacts listed for the flavor
[19:05] <seb128> I'm going to carry over since sil2100 he's here today
[19:06] <seb128> ACTION: vorlon to follow up on Ubuntu Mate lead contact by email
[19:06] <vorlon> hmm I think this was done last time and I must've failed to update the agenda
[19:06] <seb128> ack, I will remove it when I edit it at the end of the meeting
[19:07] <seb128> ACTION: rbasak to document the third party software sources policy somewhere appropriate
[19:07] <rbasak> Carry over please
[19:07] <seb128> ack
[19:07] <seb128> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed (standing item)
[19:08] <seb128> #info No outstanding mailing list items
[19:08] <seb128> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs
[19:09] <seb128> #info No open community bugs
[19:09] <seb128> #info No techboard bugs that need attention
[19:09] <seb128> #topic (vorlon) seeded snaps policy, snap channels, and things moving fast?
[19:10] <seb128> rbasak wrote in the last meeting
[19:10] <seb128> > I think this topic was resolved last time but vorlon isn't here to confirm. Anyway the item I added next is where we are now:
[19:10] <rbasak> I think we can remove that topic now as it was previously discussed and resolved?
[19:10] <vorlon> yes that is resolved
[19:10] <seb128> I missed a few meetings during the summer so was out of context on that one
[19:10] <seb128> will do
[19:11] <seb128> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting (next from https://launchpad.net/~techboard/+members)
[19:12] <seb128> #info The next chair will be amurray with rbasak as backup
[19:12] <rbasak> ack
[19:12] <rbasak> Thanks!
[19:12] <seb128> #topic AOB
[19:12] <seb128> AOB?
[19:12] <rbasak> None from me
[19:13] <vorlon> none here
[19:13] <seb128> neither from me
[19:13] <seb128> let's wrap then, short meeting, thanks rbasak and vorlon!
[19:13] <seb128> #endmeeting
[19:13] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 19:13:40 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-09-10-19.02.moin.txt
[19:13] <vorlon> thank you both
