[11:55] <youngbin> hello o/
[12:00] <youngbin> o/
[12:01]  * kanashiro waves
[12:01] <coolbhavi> Hello ð¤
[12:01] <youngbin> good evening :)
[12:01]  * coolbhavi waves good evening to all ..
[12:04] <youngbin> should we ping diogo and mattia?
[12:05] <coolbhavi> mapreri is away as I see
[12:06]  * coolbhavi waves hello to mapreri 
[12:08] <coolbhavi> Can we wait for few more minutes or start the meeting?
[12:09] <youngbin> maybe few minutes more. Diogo supposed to chair today
[12:09] <coolbhavi> Alright then :)
[12:17] <coolbhavi> youngbin: how are things otherwise going at your end?
[12:18] <youngbin> regarding korean loco and ubucon?
[12:18] <coolbhavi> Yeah
[12:19] <youngbin> well things are more complicated this year i think. but so far so good
[12:20] <coolbhavi> Regarding Ubucon asia I have a meeting setup on Monday with the dean of engineering of the venue
[12:21] <coolbhavi> Will seal the deal next week and move on to other challenges :)
[12:21] <youngbin> sounds good :)
[12:21] <DiogoConstantino> hi all
[12:21] <youngbin> o/
[12:21] <DiogoConstantino> sorry that I'm late
[12:22] <DiogoConstantino> I got stuck on traffic
[12:22] <coolbhavi> Yo... Como estas? DiogoConstantino
[12:22] <DiogoConstantino> bem  obrigado
[12:22] <youngbin> ð¦ðððð
[12:22] <DiogoConstantino> did you start already?
[12:22] <youngbin> not yet
[12:22] <coolbhavi> Nope
[12:23] <DiogoConstantino> who's missing?
[12:23] <youngbin> mapreri? all other folks are present
[12:24] <coolbhavi> Yes
[12:24] <youngbin> but i think we do have quorum?
[12:24] <coolbhavi> Yes 4 out of 5
[12:25] <DiogoConstantino> I would say so
[12:25] <DiogoConstantino> so let's start
[12:25] <DiogoConstantino> I'll be trying to follow this: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[12:25] <youngbin> \o/
[12:26] <youngbin> ð
[12:26] <DiogoConstantino> #startmeeting
[12:26] <meetingology> Meeting started at 12:26:12 UTC.  The chair is DiogoConstantino.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[12:26] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[12:26] <coolbhavi> Cheers to our first meeting after resurrection
[12:26] <DiogoConstantino> #chair DiogoConstantino
[12:26] <meetingology> Current chairs: DiogoConstantino
[12:27] <youngbin> #meetingtopic Ubuntu LoCo Council Meeting 2024-02-09
[12:27] <DiogoConstantino> so let's start
[12:27] <DiogoConstantino> #meetingtopic Ubuntu LoCo Council Meeting 2024-02-09
[12:28] <DiogoConstantino> do we want to add something to the order of work?
[12:28] <youngbin> we have meeting agenda. maybe you want to use #topic command to set agenda item
[12:29] <DiogoConstantino> #topic Review CC Meeting on 2023-09-26 and derived subtopics
[12:29] <coolbhavi> Yes .. wanted to know about the new loco portal progress
[12:29] <youngbin> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/loco-council-meeting-schedule-and-agenda/42037
[12:29] <DiogoConstantino> coolbhavi: we will add that to the end
[12:29] <coolbhavi> Thanks
[12:31] <DiogoConstantino> so reviewing the summary
[12:31] <DiogoConstantino> I see that there was a lot about the LoCo Council reboot
[12:31] <DiogoConstantino> including shedule for meetings
[12:32] <DiogoConstantino> are we all confortable with this schedule?
[12:32] <coolbhavi> +1
[12:32] <youngbin> +1
[12:32] <DiogoConstantino> +1
[12:32] <kanashiro> +1
[12:32] <youngbin> btw what agenda are we currently discussing?
[12:33] <DiogoConstantino> Review CC Meeting on 2023-09-26 and derived subtopics
[12:33] <youngbin> #topic Review CC Meeting on 2023-09-26 and derived subtopics
[12:33] <DiogoConstantino> #topic Review CC Meeting on 2023-09-26 and derived subtopics
[12:34] <DiogoConstantino> since I'm the chair I don't know if the bot will take into consideration your entries
[12:34] <youngbin> yup i think so
[12:35] <DiogoConstantino> so I propose we continue to use the current schedule for meeting every month?
[12:35] <mapreri> hello, sorry I'm late!
[12:35] <DiogoConstantino> or do you feel we should meet more often?
[12:35] <youngbin> hello!
[12:36] <DiogoConstantino> hi mapreri?
[12:36] <coolbhavi> Hello mapreri
[12:36] <coolbhavi> Current schedule looks good for me
[12:36] <DiogoConstantino> his this day of the week and time of the day good for meetings?
[12:37] <mapreri> monthly's good
[12:37] <DiogoConstantino> ok
[12:37] <mIk3_08> I think once or  twice a month
[12:37] <mIk3_08> is good
[12:37] <mIk3_08> I agree with mapreri
[12:37] <youngbin> either once or twice a month im good with both :)
[12:37] <DiogoConstantino> lets start with once, we can increase if needed
[12:37] <youngbin> +1
[12:38] <mIk3_08> +1
[12:38] <DiogoConstantino> +1
[12:38] <coolbhavi> I agree too and I am flexible with the timings too
[12:38] <coolbhavi> +1
[12:38] <mapreri> for timings, I normally can do any time, I have very few things I can't move around.
[12:38] <DiogoConstantino> ok so I don't think there's anything else on this topic, do you agree?
[12:38] <coolbhavi> Yes
[12:38] <youngbin> yup i think we can move on to next topic
[12:39] <DiogoConstantino> #topic LoCo Council Communication
[12:40] <DiogoConstantino> so besides using discourse, to announce hour meetings and decisions, how else, should be communicate and for what purposes?
[12:40] <coolbhavi> I am active on Matrix and it just suits me better for quick chat
[12:40] <youngbin> maybe we can have a public room on ubuntu matrix server
[12:40] <DiogoConstantino> we should definitively use that
[12:41] <DiogoConstantino> I heard something being worked on by Mauro, or the intetion for it
[12:41] <coolbhavi> Rest I think discourse and mailing lists are fine..
[12:41] <DiogoConstantino> do any of you know more about it?
[12:41] <coolbhavi> youngbin: any idea?
[12:41] <mIk3_08> how about the not official member of Ubuntu can access matrix?
[12:41] <youngbin>  i would also like to ask should we keep rebooter group on telegram or ask people in that room to new matrix room later?
[12:42] <DiogoConstantino> there was the intention to move I believe
[12:42] <mapreri> totally pls keep telegram, until there are enough people on matrix, at least (I'm not yetâ¦ :( )
[12:42] <youngbin> mIk3_08: you can join the room with non ubuntu.com account :)
[12:42] <DiogoConstantino> we can bridge it maybe
[12:42] <youngbin> mapreri: surely we can do things slowly
[12:43] <mIk3_08> youngbin. Thanks
[12:43] <youngbin> agreed we an setup bridge until all folks moved to matrix
[12:43] <DiogoConstantino> so lets follow up with Mauro, on that, and setup the bridge when we have the matrix channel
[12:43] <mapreri> oh the topic of discourse, I think as council we should monitor ("watch") several boards - should we keep a list of somewhere of what all of us are supposed to monitor?
[12:44] <coolbhavi> Yes.. anyway since youngbin is active on matrix.. can have a quick chat anytime
[12:44] <DiogoConstantino> mapreri: we should definitively, all those rellated with LoCo's
[12:44] <mIk3_08> That is good idea mapreri.
[12:44] <mapreri> like, apparently https://discourse.ubuntu.com/c/locos/loco-support/156 + https://discourse.ubuntu.com/c/locos/docs/130 + â¦ like the meeting agenda, that was posted in the mail board, but I don't want to subscribe that as it would notify for all suboards?
[12:45] <coolbhavi> Discourse.. keeping a list of pages is required I think for any loco team update tracking
[12:45] <DiogoConstantino> maybe we can also do a regular report of LoCo activity, not just on discourse
[12:45] <coolbhavi> +1
[12:45] <DiogoConstantino> keep an eye also on the Ubuntu Weekly Newsletter
[12:46] <coolbhavi> +1
[12:46] <DiogoConstantino> +1
[12:47] <DiogoConstantino> so we can mabe open a pad every week and contribute to it
[12:47] <youngbin> discourse have notification so maybe we can just subscribe to category. loco report activity on other places also sounds good
[12:47] <mapreri> DiogoConstantino: mhh, activity of what are you talking about, sorry?
[12:47] <mapreri> of each loco?
[12:47] <DiogoConstantino> I would say anything we find relevant
[12:48] <DiogoConstantino> it doesn't need to be all
[12:48] <mapreri> mh, I fear you are too optimist :)
[12:48] <DiogoConstantino> just the things we find more interesting
[12:48] <youngbin> btw are we on "Review the LoCo (re)validation procedure" topic?
[12:48] <DiogoConstantino> something different that a LoCo is doing
[12:48] <DiogoConstantino> youngbin: not yet
[12:48] <mIk3_08> :-D mapreri
[12:48] <DiogoConstantino> still on communication
[12:48] <coolbhavi> Like ubucon updates for instance..
[12:49] <DiogoConstantino> or some new iniciative
[12:49] <coolbhavi> +1
[12:49] <DiogoConstantino> an inovation
[12:50] <DiogoConstantino> so maybe we can come up with proposals for this
[12:50] <DiogoConstantino> in writting
[12:50] <DiogoConstantino> for next meeting
[12:50] <DiogoConstantino> and we vote on it
[12:50] <coolbhavi> Would love to have a discussion on structuring of loco teams some day
[12:50] <DiogoConstantino> do you agree?
[12:50] <coolbhavi> +1
[12:50] <DiogoConstantino> +1
[12:51] <DiogoConstantino> ok
[12:51] <DiogoConstantino> so also still regarding communication
[12:51] <youngbin> so we're going to collect loco activities on pad?
[12:52] <kanashiro> sorry guys, I had a last minute concurrent meeting but I am reading the backlog
[12:52] <DiogoConstantino> youngbin: the idea is to come up with a proposal on what to do about it
[12:52] <DiogoConstantino> a vote on it next month
[12:52] <DiogoConstantino> I feel the concept needs to be developed
[12:53] <mapreri> my take on that is that my loco really has no such wide/interesting activities that are worth reporting monthlyâ¦ even yearly.  We are basically mostly carrying on.
[12:53] <DiogoConstantino> that's what we want to change
[12:53] <mapreri> so asking for "reports" is imho both a "push to actually do more interesting stuff" and "damn they want me to do paperwork"
[12:53] <mapreri> not sure what wins of the two
[12:53] <coolbhavi> Can we send proposals and ideas on mailing list or do you prefer elsewhere?
[12:54] <kanashiro> which mailing list?
[12:54] <mapreri> indeed, this should be flashed out elsewhere, not in this meeting
[12:54] <DiogoConstantino> there's a LoCo council mailing list
[12:54] <youngbin> so i understand the purpose is that we want to have some insights of what locos are doing?
[12:54] <DiogoConstantino> but let's put them on discourse
[12:54] <mIk3_08> :)
[12:55] <mIk3_08> mapreri
[12:55] <DiogoConstantino> I'll create a topic on that
[12:55] <mapreri> ty
[12:55] <DiogoConstantino> and we can post it there
[12:55] <coolbhavi> Thanks
[12:55] <DiogoConstantino> is it ok?
[12:55] <kanashiro> I believe we first need to understand how healthy are the locos to then try to take any action to improve them, not sure if you guys have an idea about how locos are doing
[12:55] <DiogoConstantino> I have on some
[12:55] <DiogoConstantino> not all
[12:55] <DiogoConstantino> most are incipient at this point
[12:56] <DiogoConstantino> and some are letargic
[12:56] <DiogoConstantino> some are however very active
[12:56] <kanashiro> sharing those things would be great for the new people like me :)
[12:56] <DiogoConstantino> *are very
[12:56] <coolbhavi> Can we have a survey a general one covering the issues and pain points if any for a start?
[12:56] <DiogoConstantino> that's a good idea
[12:57] <kanashiro> that'd be a good start IMO
[12:57] <DiogoConstantino> +1
[12:57] <youngbin> yup soduns like good idea :)
[12:57] <youngbin> +1
[12:57] <coolbhavi> +1
[12:57] <kanashiro> +1
[12:57] <DiogoConstantino> ok we shall prepare one
[12:57] <coolbhavi> Yes
[12:58] <mapreri> that's likely point 5 of this meeting? kindaâ¦
[12:58] <DiogoConstantino> each of us come up with questions, and we can make a final version next month
[12:58] <coolbhavi> Seems good
[12:58] <youngbin> sounds good. do we want to organize some action items before moving on?
[12:58] <mapreri> but of course, I agree.
[12:58] <DiogoConstantino> well lets just reorganize and go back to the topics
[12:59] <mapreri> please.
[12:59] <youngbin> ok
[12:59] <mIk3_08> cool DiogoConstantino..
[12:59] <DiogoConstantino> continuing on communication
[12:59] <DiogoConstantino> how do we promote/communicate the idea of LoCos?
[12:59] <DiogoConstantino> and where?
[12:59] <DiogoConstantino> this is also part of our mission
[13:00] <DiogoConstantino> can we maybe do an Ubuntu On Air session?
[13:00] <coolbhavi> Social media and in opensource conferences and on YouTube?
[13:01] <coolbhavi> +1 for ubuntu on air
[13:01] <youngbin> we can think about what loco do first. what loco usually do would be gathering folks interested in ubuntu and foss in their region
[13:01] <DiogoConstantino> that's a good idea, there's a lot we alreay know
[13:02] <DiogoConstantino> but maybe we don't know a lot
[13:02] <DiogoConstantino> I do know a bit about Europe
[13:02] <coolbhavi> Exactly
[13:02] <kanashiro> at least for me (who is new to this subject in Ubuntu) it is hard to say when I do not understand well who we are trying to reach out exactly. That's why I mentioned that understanding the current state would help in any further action
[13:02] <DiogoConstantino> also what Lina reported from Colombia
[13:02] <kanashiro> but I understand you guys have more knowledge than me on this
[13:02] <coolbhavi> +1 to kanashiro here
[13:03] <mapreri> it seems that we are not ready to talk about promotion at all to me
[13:03] <DiogoConstantino> ok
[13:03] <mapreri> first step is listing out what we have (locos , then work from there.
[13:03] <coolbhavi> Lets develop from grassroots level first
[13:03] <mapreri> first step is listing out what we have (locos + what they are doing right now), then work from there.
[13:03] <kanashiro> +1
[13:03] <DiogoConstantino> ok
[13:03] <DiogoConstantino> +1
[13:03] <coolbhavi> +1
[13:03] <mapreri> about that
[13:04] <DiogoConstantino> do tell
[13:04] <mapreri> we have a loco-council@lists.ubuntu.com private mail list, which I believe nobody subscribed us to.  I'm sure we will eventually need that private thing.  Should I liaise with IS to take it over?
[13:04] <DiogoConstantino> yes please
[13:05] <mapreri> (i have a previous experience on taking over MLsâ¦)
[13:05] <youngbin> Oops my network on laptop got disconnected:(
[13:05] <coolbhavi> I am on that list from over 10 years
[13:05] <mapreri> coolbhavi: do you have the admin pw?
[13:05] <coolbhavi> Because of my last term
[13:05] <mIk3_08> me, in my loco. im doing some fbpage. sad to say. only few followers i have in ubuntu page in social media.
[13:05] <youngbin> Agreed with mapreri said before mentioned before mailing list
[13:05] <DiogoConstantino> so we all agree
[13:05] <DiogoConstantino> nice
[13:06] <coolbhavi> mapreri: I am afraid I lost it as it got inactive 7 years ago
[13:06] <DiogoConstantino> let's just do the vote on the bot thing
[13:06] <mIk3_08> i agree with mapreri too.
[13:06] <youngbin> And yes, I also agree with mailing list for some private thing
[13:06] <kanashiro> sorry guys, but I will need to leave in around 5 minutes. I'll read the notes/backlog later
[13:07] <DiogoConstantino> #voters kanashiro mapreri coolbhavi DiogoConstantino youngbin
[13:07] <meetingology> Current voters: DiogoConstantino, coolbhavi, kanashiro, mapreri, youngbin
[13:07] <youngbin> Thanks for joining kanashiro :)
[13:07] <DiogoConstantino> #vote +1
[13:07] <meetingology> Please vote on: +1
[13:07] <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')
[13:07] <meetingology> +1 received from DiogoConstantino
[13:07] <coolbhavi> +1
[13:07] <meetingology> +1 received from coolbhavi
[13:07] <youngbin> +1
[13:07] <meetingology> +1 received from youngbin
[13:07] <kanashiro> +1
[13:07] <meetingology> +1 received from kanashiro
[13:07] <mapreri> +1 although I'm sure what we are voting on right now? :$
[13:07] <meetingology> +1 although I'm sure what we are voting on right now? :$ received from mapreri
[13:07] <DiogoConstantino> on your proposal
[13:07] <coolbhavi> Thanks kanashiro .. btw
[13:08] <mapreri> oh good, yes +1 :P
[13:08] <DiogoConstantino> to first get to know
[13:08] <DiogoConstantino> then promote
[13:08] <coolbhavi> Yes
[13:08] <mIk3_08> i have to go people. Thanks! cheers.
[13:08] <DiogoConstantino> I'll try to make it more obvious next vote
[13:08]  * kanashiro says goodbye to everyone o/
[13:09] <DiogoConstantino> do you all have to go?
[13:09] <DiogoConstantino> we can leave the rest for next meeting if you do
[13:09] <coolbhavi> I can stay on
[13:09] <youngbin> Can stay more too
[13:09] <mapreri> I'm also here
[13:09] <DiogoConstantino> ok
[13:09] <DiogoConstantino> so lets continue
[13:10] <DiogoConstantino> on to the next topic
[13:10] <DiogoConstantino> #topic Review the LoCo (re)validation procedure
[13:10] <DiogoConstantino> I see this was already done:
[13:10] <DiogoConstantino> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/ubuntu-local-community-verification/36573
[13:10] <DiogoConstantino> I just wanted to review with you all
[13:11] <DiogoConstantino> and see if we should keep it as is, or is any major change we feel we should do right now
[13:11] <youngbin> one questions, should verification-expired loco go through re-verification or fisrt time verification process?
[13:12] <DiogoConstantino> I believe re-verefication
[13:12] <mapreri> I think we currently have like, 1 or 2 verified locos?  pretty much everything needs to be re-verified
[13:12] <mapreri> which makes sense, considering how much changed in the past decade
[13:12] <coolbhavi> Ah this one I think we can do it on the terms of ubuntu members team for instance once verified then autorenewal for 2 years with reports to the loco council on the progress
[13:13] <youngbin> ð
[13:13] <coolbhavi> Verification I find a discourse thread easier
[13:13] <DiogoConstantino> I agree
[13:13] <mapreri> from that post I only have 1 point
[13:13] <DiogoConstantino> do tell
[13:13] <mapreri> "Add a short overview of the activities undertaken in the LoCo over the past 6 months with links to showcase the same. This can include blog posts, event reports, photos, etc."
[13:13] <mapreri> 6 months feels wrong
[13:13] <DiogoConstantino> why?
[13:14] <mapreri> too short for me
[13:14] <coolbhavi> 1 year then
[13:14] <DiogoConstantino> how long would you feel confortable and why?
[13:14] <coolbhavi> Like the previous year maybe
[13:14] <coolbhavi> With summary of all activities
[13:15] <mapreri> and they should also talk about future plans (like we ask for previously verified which missed the deadline)
[13:15] <coolbhavi> +1
[13:15] <meetingology> +1 received from coolbhavi
[13:15] <mapreri> DiogoConstantino: do a #endvote pls
[13:15] <DiogoConstantino> #endvote
[13:15] <meetingology> Voting ended on: +1
[13:15] <meetingology> Votes for: 5, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0
[13:15] <meetingology> Motion carried
[13:15] <DiogoConstantino> forgot that
[13:16] <mapreri> should I just edit the post?
[13:16] <DiogoConstantino> so write a proposal and lets vote on that
[13:16] <DiogoConstantino> I like it too
[13:16] <youngbin> for me past 1 year also sounds good. for loco done something big. such as UbuCon Asia, Europe. they might got exhausted and want some rest.
[13:16] <mapreri> oh I can't edit it.  Aaron being superuser always makes me forget thatâ¦
[13:17] <coolbhavi> +1 youngbin
[13:17] <mapreri> we should ask for us to be admins in https://discourse.ubuntu.com/c/locos/docs/130 to be able to edit the first post or something.
[13:17] <DiogoConstantino> mapreri: we can do that latter
[13:18] <DiogoConstantino> just type here what you propose
[13:18] <DiogoConstantino> and we vote
[13:18] <DiogoConstantino> then we can pursuit the rest
[13:18] <coolbhavi> 1 year timeframe for reverification report
[13:19] <mapreri> change point 2 of the verification process with "Add a short overview of the activities undertaken in the LoCo over the past year, with links to showcase them; this includes blog posts, event reports, photos, etc.  Also talk about the future plans of your LoCo."
[13:19] <DiogoConstantino> #voters coolbhavi DiogoConstantino youngbin mapreri
[13:19] <meetingology> Current voters: DiogoConstantino, coolbhavi, kanashiro, mapreri, youngbin
[13:19] <DiogoConstantino> +1
[13:19] <youngbin> +1
[13:19] <mapreri> err
[13:19] <mapreri> you missed #vote
[13:19] <youngbin> haha
[13:19] <DiogoConstantino> #vote
[13:19] <meetingology> Please vote on:
[13:19] <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')
[13:19] <DiogoConstantino> #vote +1
[13:19] <meetingology> Please vote on: +1
[13:19] <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')
[13:19] <mapreri> +1
[13:19] <youngbin> #vote + subject right?
[13:19] <meetingology> +1 received from DiogoConstantino
[13:19] <meetingology> +1 received from mapreri
[13:19] <youngbin> +1
[13:19] <meetingology> +1 received from youngbin
[13:19] <coolbhavi> +1
[13:19] <meetingology> +1 received from coolbhavi
[13:19] <mapreri> DiogoConstantino: #vote is to *start the voting* not to vote :P
[13:20] <DiogoConstantino> +1
[13:20] <meetingology> +1 received from DiogoConstantino
[13:20] <DiogoConstantino> it works anyway I believe
[13:20] <mapreri> endvote pls
[13:20] <DiogoConstantino> #endvote
[13:20] <meetingology> Voting ended on: +1
[13:20] <meetingology> Votes for: 4, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0
[13:20] <meetingology> Motion carried
[13:20] <DiogoConstantino> ok
[13:21] <DiogoConstantino> lets move on to the next topic
[13:21] <mapreri> the text after #vote is the "title" of what we are voting on
[13:21] <mapreri> (and such text gets carried over to the minutes)
[13:21] <DiogoConstantino> ah ok
[13:21] <DiogoConstantino> #topic Increasing visibility of the rebirth of the LoCo Council
[13:22] <DiogoConstantino> so do we need to do something about this, and how?
[13:22] <mapreri> (so no "#vote +1" does not cast a vote; the "+1" needs to be the first chars of the line)
[13:22] <youngbin> DiogoConstantino: so it's about promoting that we're back?
[13:23] <DiogoConstantino> yes
[13:23] <coolbhavi> For this we can do a team meeting and stream on Ubuntu on air maybe?
[13:23] <coolbhavi> Including the usual discourse social media and uwn
[13:24] <mapreri> I think we could do such thing, pulling in LoCo leaders, etc, after having a list of such locosâ¦
[13:24] <youngbin> AMA on UbuntuOnAir? discourse, social, blog, uwn also good way to promote
[13:24] <mapreri> an AMA could be good.  with the loco leaders :P
[13:24] <coolbhavi> Yes
[13:24] <DiogoConstantino> we can also use it to announce the survey
[13:24] <coolbhavi> Yes
[13:25] <youngbin> yups agreed that we should reach out loco leaders first. im actually trying to reach out VN loco (since fossasia happening in Hanoi early April)
[13:25] <DiogoConstantino> so the idea is to do an AMA on Ubuntu On Air, and announce the survey?
[13:26] <coolbhavi> Yes
[13:26] <DiogoConstantino> ok lets vote on it
[13:26] <DiogoConstantino> #vote to do an AMA on Ubuntu On Air, and announce the survey?
[13:26] <meetingology> Please vote on: to do an AMA on Ubuntu On Air, and announce the survey?
[13:26] <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')
[13:27] <coolbhavi> +1
[13:27] <meetingology> +1 received from coolbhavi
[13:27] <youngbin> +1
[13:27] <meetingology> +1 received from youngbin
[13:27] <DiogoConstantino> +1
[13:27] <meetingology> +1 received from DiogoConstantino
[13:27] <DiogoConstantino> #voters coolbhavi youngbin DiogoConstantino mapreri
[13:27] <meetingology> Current voters: DiogoConstantino, coolbhavi, kanashiro, mapreri, youngbin
[13:28] <mapreri> +1
[13:28] <meetingology> +1 received from mapreri
[13:28] <youngbin> +1
[13:28] <meetingology> +1 received from youngbin
[13:28] <DiogoConstantino> +1
[13:28] <meetingology> +1 received from DiogoConstantino
[13:28] <coolbhavi>  +1
[13:28] <meetingology> +1 received from coolbhavi
[13:28] <mapreri> (#votes is good for the whole duration of the meeting, no need to write it all the time)
[13:28] <DiogoConstantino> ah
[13:29] <DiogoConstantino> ok
[13:29] <DiogoConstantino> #endvote
[13:29] <meetingology> Voting ended on: to do an AMA on Ubuntu On Air, and announce the survey?
[13:29] <meetingology> Votes for: 4, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0
[13:29] <meetingology> Motion carried
[13:29] <DiogoConstantino> next topic?
[13:29] <youngbin> yups
[13:29] <DiogoConstantino> #topic Identification of existing LoCoâs and prospective LoCoâs
[13:30] <DiogoConstantino> so this is pretty much what we also want to do with the survey, but the propective LoCo's is also in here
[13:30] <DiogoConstantino> we also want to know what people need to take the next step
[13:31] <DiogoConstantino> and become an official LoCo
[13:31] <DiogoConstantino> I feel it's slightly different
[13:31] <DiogoConstantino> the issues might be different
[13:31] <DiogoConstantino> and the help we can spare might also be different
[13:31] <coolbhavi> Survey and manual reachout will help here I guess.. as far as I remember there was a tool called locolint which checked the basics of active or inactive last time I was around
[13:32] <DiogoConstantino> we should split this into two paths/groups of questions on the survey
[13:32] <DiogoConstantino> coolbhavi: I never heard of that before
[13:33] <DiogoConstantino> should be this? https://wiki.ubuntu.com/LoCoCouncil/LoCoLint
[13:33] <youngbin> https://launchpad.net/locolint i think so...?
[13:34] <DiogoConstantino> we can try to check it
[13:34] <coolbhavi> Yes
[13:34] <coolbhavi> https://launchpad.net/locolint
[13:34] <DiogoConstantino> but this is more for the (re)validation I believe
[13:35] <DiogoConstantino> or ?
[13:35] <coolbhavi> Yes but more features can be added
[13:36] <mapreri> I really don't think we need to be so analytical about the current LoCo tbh.
[13:36] <DiogoConstantino> so anyway we can use the Ubuntu On Air to appeal LoCo Leaders to contact us and prospective Loco teams as well
[13:36] <DiogoConstantino> at FOSDEM, we tried to promote LoCo's so I expect something to come from that
[13:37] <coolbhavi> +1 maperi as we are just restarting :)
[13:37] <youngbin> agreed with mapreri. and what DiogoConstantino done at fosdem sounds good :)
[13:38] <coolbhavi> Same here
[13:38] <DiogoConstantino> so no specific action point besides the appeal on the stream, right?
[13:38] <youngbin> me and coolbhavi plan to have booth on fossasia too we can also do LoCo promo there
[13:38] <DiogoConstantino> nice
[13:38] <coolbhavi> Yes
[13:39] <DiogoConstantino> ok lets move on to the next topic
[13:39] <mapreri> i kind of envision just mailing all locos and ask you "do you exist?  what's your name?  what are you doing lately?"
[13:39] <mapreri> and from there invite them for a chat in that call maybe.
[13:39] <youngbin> mapreri: yup that would be also something we can try
[13:40] <DiogoConstantino> I don't think it would be a good fit for a stream, but a private call yes
[13:40] <DiogoConstantino> with the LoCo Leaders
[13:40] <coolbhavi> +1 kind of reminds me of the developer advisory team in 2013
[13:40] <DiogoConstantino> kind of an office hour for the LoCo Leaders
[13:41] <coolbhavi> Exactly
[13:41] <DiogoConstantino> I like it because it will be complementary to the survey, we can include ont he survey a question regarding the usefullness and schedule for such thing
[13:42] <DiogoConstantino> anything else?
[13:42] <coolbhavi> That's what the developer advisory team was doing with the developers in the community back in 2012 reach out, survey, office hour and summary
[13:43] <DiogoConstantino> as it appears there's nothing else on the topic
[13:43] <DiogoConstantino> lets move on to the next
[13:43] <youngbin> yups we can move on
[13:43] <DiogoConstantino> #topic Identification of additional LoCo support structures
[13:43] <DiogoConstantino> so what I mean about this
[13:44] <DiogoConstantino> is something like the Ubuntu Europe Federation
[13:44] <DiogoConstantino> which is an association of European Ubuntu LoCo's
[13:44] <DiogoConstantino> that tries to help Ubuntu LoCo's in similar ways to the LoCo Council, but also, by being a legal represation to sign contracts and such
[13:45] <coolbhavi> +1
[13:45] <DiogoConstantino> some of the LoCo's are already associations
[13:45] <DiogoConstantino> most are not
[13:45] <youngbin> so kind of fiscal host and legal partner for locos?
[13:45] <DiogoConstantino> yes
[13:45] <DiogoConstantino> this is what the Ubuntu Europe Federation does
[13:45] <youngbin> would need some more discussion. but agree that it would be useful :)
[13:46] <DiogoConstantino> it's facilitated by the legal interoperabilidaty in Europe
[13:46] <coolbhavi> Need one for India too looking at the challenges of Ubucon Asia
[13:46] <DiogoConstantino> coolbhavi: is the Free Software Foundation India not a thing?
[13:46] <DiogoConstantino> maybe they would be willing
[13:47] <DiogoConstantino> https://fsf.org.in/
[13:47] <coolbhavi> Yes but they have their own challenges
[13:47] <coolbhavi> Even SFI
[13:47] <youngbin> I remember India LoCo actually using FOSSUnited for UbuCon Asia but seems like it has some limitation due to regulation.
[13:47] <coolbhavi> Yes
[13:48] <DiogoConstantino> so there's nothing like Ubuntu Europe elsewhere...
[13:49] <coolbhavi> None that I am aware of
[13:49] <DiogoConstantino> I can see how the EU makes it easier
[13:49] <mapreri> indeed
[13:49] <DiogoConstantino> well let's keep this in mind, and if ideas on how to overcome this come, take note and mention them on the meetings
[13:49] <coolbhavi> Yes being a permanent resident in the EU I can see a lot of advantages
[13:49] <mapreri> remember that many countries have plenty of capital controls in place that makes moving money in/out of them annoying, so something similar to Ubuntu EU is hard to recreate cross-countries in other areas of the world.
[13:50] <youngbin> I agree with the idea basically. but some loco might have some limitation with access due to local regulation.
[13:50] <youngbin> agreed with mapreri
[13:50] <youngbin> maybe we can do some research first?
[13:50] <mapreri> or not recognizing particular entities from other countries (when talking about signing stuff, etc)
[13:50] <DiogoConstantino> youngbin: we should
[13:50] <mapreri> but for EU, that's great and useful once it running full steam indeed!
[13:51] <coolbhavi> +1 there is a ton of difference I can see and we should do some research
[13:51] <DiogoConstantino> in the EU it exits, but it's not operational in practice
[13:51] <coolbhavi> From the eu to India I have experience
[13:52] <DiogoConstantino> ok lets research and come back to it when we have something
[13:52] <DiogoConstantino> next topic:
[13:52] <youngbin> sounds good
[13:52] <coolbhavi> I am interested
[13:52] <DiogoConstantino> #topic LoCo outreach
[13:53] <DiogoConstantino> we have already talked about it a bit, but is there something you want to add?
[13:53] <youngbin> well i added this topic but seems like we have already discussed on previous topics
[13:53] <coolbhavi> Lets start with survey for the outreach and take it step by step
[13:53] <DiogoConstantino> ok
[13:54] <mapreri> yep
[13:54] <DiogoConstantino> so now it's time for coolbhavi to report on the Indian Loco?
[13:54] <coolbhavi> Yes.. we are hosting ubucon Asia this year in Jaipur India
[13:54] <DiogoConstantino> #topic coolbhavi to report on the Indian Loco
[13:55] <youngbin> so seems like it's part of AOB :)
[13:55] <DiogoConstantino> how's that comming along?
[13:55] <coolbhavi> And the team is working on negotiating the venue now
[13:55] <DiogoConstantino> is there something we can do to help?
[13:55] <coolbhavi> This years ubucon Asia is on aug 31 to September 2
[13:56] <DiogoConstantino> now, or something you predict for the next few months?
[13:56] <coolbhavi> Will reach out incase help is required in the coming months
[13:57] <DiogoConstantino> ok
[13:57] <coolbhavi> Right now we are working on logistics and it has its own challenges in the regulations in India
[13:57] <DiogoConstantino> is there something that surprised you?
[13:58] <DiogoConstantino> maybe it will surprise any other Ubucon organizer elsewhere
[13:58] <coolbhavi> Actually we planned for a joint event with gnome asia and that is also under discussion
[13:58] <DiogoConstantino> nice
[13:59] <coolbhavi> No surprises till now as we expected challenges due to regulations
[13:59] <coolbhavi> And we are working around it
[13:59] <DiogoConstantino> I and a few people from Debian are planning to try DebConf 26 in Portugal, and if we can we also try Ubucon Europe here the days before
[14:00] <coolbhavi> Only surprise is the venue asking for 50 percent of ticket sales as venue fees
[14:00] <coolbhavi> So we are negotiating
[14:00] <youngbin> coolbhavi: many thanks for the work :) looking forward to see UbuCon Asia happening in Jaipur
[14:00] <DiogoConstantino> yes
[14:01] <DiogoConstantino> keep it up
[14:01] <youngbin> coolbhavi: So the fee rate is depending on ticket pricing?
[14:01] <coolbhavi> Welcome and yes we are excited too
[14:01] <youngbin> i think i will be also busy with organizing events: UbuCon Asia, UbuCon KR, DebConf24 so many lol
[14:02] <DiogoConstantino> yes
[14:02] <DiogoConstantino> those are a lot
[14:02] <DiogoConstantino> I have less
[14:02] <coolbhavi> youngbin: they are not bothered about the fee rate they need 50 percent of whatever ticket sales
[14:02] <DiogoConstantino> UbunCon Portugal which will be during the Free Software Festival, and I'm part of the orga for both
[14:02] <coolbhavi> Which I have a meeting on Monday
[14:02] <youngbin> :+1
[14:03] <coolbhavi> As exams are still going on in parts of the country
[14:03] <mapreri> coolbhavi: ticket 0$, just ask for donations :P
[14:03] <DiogoConstantino> ;P
[14:03] <coolbhavi> That's my worst case scenario
[14:04] <coolbhavi> Haha
[14:04] <DiogoConstantino> we only charged for the first Ubucon Europe
[14:04] <DiogoConstantino> but we got meals for free
[14:04] <DiogoConstantino> in return
[14:04] <DiogoConstantino> all others where gratis
[14:05] <coolbhavi> Hmm good point will negotiate and come up with more details next meeting
[14:05] <mapreri> personally I'll need to go in ~15 mins, FYI
[14:05] <DiogoConstantino> I also
[14:05] <DiogoConstantino> so lets end here
[14:05] <youngbin> same
[14:05] <coolbhavi> Same here
[14:05] <youngbin> next meeting and chair?
[14:05] <DiogoConstantino> let's do the next one on the 8th of March?
[14:05] <coolbhavi> I am fine
[14:06] <youngbin> sure
[14:06]  * mapreri checking
[14:06] <mapreri> March 8th looks good to me yep
[14:06] <DiogoConstantino> ok I'll check with Kanashiro
[14:06] <DiogoConstantino> if it's ok with him we can announce it
[14:07] <DiogoConstantino> #endmeeting
[14:07] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 14:07:10 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-02-09-12.26.moin.txt
[14:07] <youngbin> Thanks all and DiogoConstantino for chairing the meeting today :)
[14:08] <DiogoConstantino> who wants do to it next?
[14:08] <mapreri> could somebody go through the current meeting, and figure out some action points? :puppy_eyes:  just share them on telegram i guess
[14:08] <DiogoConstantino> mapreri: I'll report on it on the topic
[14:08] <DiogoConstantino> but will confirm with you all before
[14:08] <mapreri> I could possibly chair irc meetings if nobody raise their hands by meeting time.
[14:09] <DiogoConstantino> ok
[14:09] <DiogoConstantino> thank you all
[14:09] <youngbin> You can create meeting report topic. And we can reuse agenda post for next meeting (it's a wiki post)
[14:09] <DiogoConstantino> will try that
[14:09] <youngbin> ð
[14:09] <coolbhavi> Thanks everyone
[14:09] <DiogoConstantino> thank you all
[14:09] <DiogoConstantino> have a nice day
[14:09] <mapreri> o/
[14:09] <DiogoConstantino> and weekend
[14:10] <youngbin> Have a nice weekend and happy lunar new year :)
[14:10] <coolbhavi> youngbin: see you at the Ubucon Asia meeting on Sunday
[14:10] <coolbhavi> And happy new year
[14:11] <mapreri> oh indeed, happy new year tomorrow :P
[14:11] <DiogoConstantino> happy new year
[14:11] <coolbhavi> Have a happy weekend
=== NotEickmeyer is now known as Eickmeyer
[15:08] <mapreri> Rececar
[15:23] <Eickmeyer> Palendrome
[15:31] <arraybolt3> what?
[15:41] <Eickmeyer> arraybolt3: A palindrome is a word that is spelled the same forward and backward, such as racecar.
[15:46]  * ogra_ hands arraybolt3 an anna and otto ð
[15:50] <Eickmeyer> ð
=== adrien_ is now known as adrien
