[14:30] <cpaelzer> just a sec, almost ready ...
[14:30] <slyon> o/
[14:31] <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status
[14:31] <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:31:54 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[14:31] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[14:31] <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )
[14:32] <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches
[14:32] <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams
[14:32] <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg
[14:32] <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg
[14:32] <jamespage> o/
[14:32] <sarnold> good morning
[14:32] <cpaelzer> I've seen them a few times in recent days should be rather small
[14:32] <cpaelzer> ok, one by one
[14:32] <cpaelzer> x11-utils -> luit
[14:33] <cpaelzer> this isn't new was around for a while
[14:33] <cpaelzer> https://launchpadlibrarian.net/746621535/buildlog_ubuntu-oracular-amd64.x11-utils_7.7+7_BUILDING.txt.gz
[14:33] <cpaelzer>  Recommends: luit
[14:33] <slyon> wasn't this a split out from x11-utils? and jbicha wanted to create some papertrail to get it promoted
[14:33] <cpaelzer> Someone said so, but even the old one looks like it
[14:34] <cpaelzer> here it is from noble
[14:34] <cpaelzer> https://launchpadlibrarian.net/722263410/buildlog_ubuntu-noble-amd64.x11-utils_7.7+6build2_BUILDING.txt.gz
[14:34] <cpaelzer>  Recommends: luit
[14:34] <cpaelzer> And I do not remember it showing up that long
[14:34] <cpaelzer> Jammy had it
[14:34] <cpaelzer> https://launchpadlibrarian.net/592958282/buildlog_ubuntu-jammy-amd64.x11-utils_7.7+5build2_BUILDING.txt.gz
[14:34] <cpaelzer> contains the luit things
[14:34] <cpaelzer> so it really is the papertrail we need
[14:35] <cpaelzer> let me spawn a stub with jbicha assigned, so we avoid rediscussing it
[14:35] <slyon> x11-utils 7.7+6 d/changelog states: "Removed luit, which is now packaged separately with a different"
[14:36] <slyon> *different upstream
[14:36] <sarnold> how did the Recommends: not show up on our radar for noble?
[14:36] <cpaelzer> That is what I wondered above
[14:37] <jbicha> luit doesn't actually exist in noble. So the recommends is ignored
[14:37] <sarnold> ahhhhhhh
[14:38] <sarnold> I wonder how many more Recommends: we've got listed that don't exist
[14:38] <cpaelzer> thanks
[14:38] <cpaelzer> many any time we do removals but decide not to adapt the recommends
[14:39] <cpaelzer> until then, here a stub https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/luit/+bug/2078827
[14:39] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2078827 in luit (Ubuntu) "[MIR] luit" [Undecided, Incomplete]
[14:39] <cpaelzer> dkms -> gcc-13
[14:39] <cpaelzer> Noble had both in main
[14:40] <cpaelzer> oracular is gcc-14 only
[14:40] <cpaelzer> probably for doko and or foundations?
[14:40] <slyon> solved in dkms 3.0.11-1ubuntu14 (in -proposed)
[14:40] <cpaelzer> or does anyone think this has a strong dkms background that is needed?
[14:40] <slyon> it still needs to migrate, though
[14:40] <cpaelzer> I see
[14:40] <cpaelzer> thanks
[14:40] <cpaelzer> referencin -> rpds-py
[14:41] <cpaelzer> that is related to the many python dependencies jamespage resolved
[14:41] <cpaelzer> a few comments were in #ubuntu-release
[14:41] <cpaelzer> is on security AFAICS in https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/rpds-py/+bug/2072621
[14:41] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2072621 in rpds-py (Ubuntu) "[MIR] rpds-py" [Undecided, New]
[14:41] <jamespage> thanks slyon for the extra review
[14:41] <cpaelzer> the needs of slyon were addressed
[14:42] <slyon> yes, pending security review. (mostly due to tracking the vendored Rust dependencies). otherwise MIR ACK
[14:42] <cpaelzer> we'll get to ask about the state of the sec queue later in  the agenda
[14:42] <cpaelzer> and last https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/retry/+bug/2076381 being assigned to joalif already
[14:42] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2076381 in retry (Ubuntu) "[MIR] retry" [Undecided, New]
[14:42] <cpaelzer> done with this section
[14:42] <cpaelzer> that was more than I expected
[14:42] <cpaelzer> but mostly clarifying things already in motion
[14:43] <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs
[14:43] <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing
[14:43] <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[14:43] <cpaelzer> this is a good list of TODOs - none
[14:43] <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions
[14:43] <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams
[14:43] <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[14:43] <cpaelzer> now luit is there due to my stub
[14:44] <cpaelzer> all others are much older
[14:44] <cpaelzer> or resolved already
[14:44] <cpaelzer> going on ...
[14:44] <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements
[14:44] <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues
[14:44] <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls
[14:44] <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues
[14:44] <cpaelzer> FYI I've landed the one that was discussed and acked last time
[14:44] <cpaelzer> https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/66 is kind of the same for rust
[14:44] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Pull 66 in canonical/ubuntu-mir "Import Rust vendoring document" [Open]
[14:45] <cpaelzer> BTW on the old wiki page we pulled in last time I made it an auto-referral to the new page
[14:45] <slyon> thanks, I saw that!
[14:45] <sarnold> oo nice
[14:45] <cpaelzer> The PR is still waiting on the rusty people to like it
[14:46] <doko> dkms probably needs active pings to the kernel team to address the autopkg test failures
[14:46] <slyon> Yeah, it's not urgent. I guess we can just let it sit there and people can give their comments/reviews on GitHub asynchronously.
[14:46] <cpaelzer> ack to what slyon said for that PR
[14:46] <cpaelzer> thank doko
[14:47] <cpaelzer> since https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/dkms/3.0.11-1ubuntu14 is uploaded by timo let us ping him, but TBH IIRC kernel says dkms always is slow due to the tests
[14:47] <cpaelzer> so this might be normal
[14:47] <cpaelzer> yet for awareness I'll ping
[14:49] <cpaelzer> done in #ubuntu-release
[14:50] <cpaelzer> nothing else in this category
[14:50] <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue
[14:50] <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?
[14:50] <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.
[14:50] <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[14:50] <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[14:50] <cpaelzer> Internal link
[14:50] <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect
[14:50] <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much
[14:50] <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594
[14:51] <cpaelzer> sarnold: now it is the time to talk about rpds-py and others in there
[14:51] <sarnold> onboarding some help has started, but not much velocity on anything yet
[14:51] <cpaelzer> how are thing going, you mentioned you had some to train about the process
[14:52] <cpaelzer> 13 days to beta freeze
[14:52] <sarnold> thanks to the tyranny of timezones i don' thave much overlap with the new folks
[14:52] <sarnold> zounds
[14:52] <cpaelzer> which of your board entries do you think will complete in time for that
[14:53] <cpaelzer> sarnold: ^^
[14:54] <sarnold> xdg-terminal-exec has started, that one feels likely to finish; fdk-aac-free was pretty far along near the end of the last cycle, probably we can come to a conclusion on that one, too
[14:55] <sarnold> (we wanted to discuss an issue with upstream, i'm not sure how far along that one has gone)
[14:56] <sarnold> everything else is at risk, I think
[14:56] <cpaelzer> :-/
[14:56] <cpaelzer> jamespage: if your new case is very asap I think you need to coordinate with sarnold how to escalate
[14:57] <cpaelzer> just saying as I assume this might be part of that whole transition you worked on
[14:58] <jamespage> oddly they are not directly linked
[14:58] <cpaelzer> wow
[14:58] <jamespage> rpds-py does replace a pydantic dep
[14:58] <cpaelzer> then sorry for connecting the wrong dots
[14:59] <cpaelzer> thanks, good to know
[14:59] <jamespage> but the release of pydantic was due to inflect dropping it
[14:59] <jamespage> I had it in my head that was as well but digging about today its not
[14:59] <cpaelzer> ok
[14:59] <cpaelzer> welll
[14:59] <cpaelzer> that means it is time for
[14:59] <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?
[15:00] <sarnold> none here
[15:00] <cpaelzer> neither from me other than time pressure
[15:00] <cpaelzer> :-)
[15:00] <slyon> cpaelzer: wrt rustc-1.76: rmadison tells me:
[15:00] <slyon>  rustc-1.76 | 1.76.0+dfsg0ubuntu1-0ubuntu1            | oracular                | source
[15:00] <slyon>  rustc-1.76 | 1.76.0+dfsg0ubuntu1-0ubuntu1            | oracular/universe       | amd64, arm64, armhf, ppc64el, riscv64, s390x
[15:00] <sarnold> 360s oy vey
[15:00] <slyon> source still seems to be in main, can you do something about it?
[15:00] <cpaelzer> I can slyon
[15:00] <slyon> thx, nothing else from my side :)
[15:03] <cpaelzer> done slyon
[15:03] <cpaelzer> ok that is all
[15:03] <cpaelzer> see you all
[15:03] <cpaelzer> thanks!
[15:03] <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, all :)
[15:03] <cpaelzer> #endmeeting
[15:03] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:03:18 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-09-03-14.31.moin.txt
[15:03] <slyon> thanks cpaelzer, all!
=== vorlon` is now known as vorlon
