=== tsimonq2_ is now known as tsimonq2
[16:00] <bdrung> \o
[16:00] <Skia> o7
[16:00] <r41k0u> o/
[16:00] <pushkarnk> \o
[16:00] <uralt> o/
[16:00] <mkukri> o./
[16:00] <liushuyu> o/
[16:01] <andersson123> o/
[16:01] <enr0n> o/
[16:01] <tobhe> o/
[16:01] <juliank> o/
[16:01] <zhsj> o/
[16:01] <slyon> o/
[16:02] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[16:02] <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:02:05 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[16:02] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[16:02] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[16:02] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-11-21/
[16:06]  * Skia can't stay for the meeting, but feel free to give him a proposed-migration task anyway. He'll be pleased with anything, so if you find something nasty, you can probably throw it at him, I know he won't complain :-)
[16:06] <schopin> o/
[16:07] <juliank> All proposed-migration items go to Skia lol
[16:07] <juliank>  /jk
[16:07] <schopin> Is that retroactive for stuff already assigned? Asking for a friend...
[16:08] <adrien> \o
[16:08]  * Skia is also on PTO tomorrow and Monday, so throwing at him too much work likely won't work :-)
[16:08] <juliank> ooh me too
[16:09] <andersson123> Okay, he's gone, start reassigning your cards folks
[16:10] <adrien> plus he won't notice until Tuesday
[16:10] <juliank> winner, winner, ticket dinner
[16:11] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[16:11] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:12] <juliank> bug 2085142
[16:12] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2085142 in ubuntu-keyring (Ubuntu) "/project/ubuntu-archive-keyring.gpg is outdated" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2085142
[16:12] <juliank> Need to talk to shard holders, should assign to me and tag I guess
[16:12] <juliank> doing so
[16:12] <juliank> No point going over this in the team each week
[16:13] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:13] <juliank> empty!
[16:13] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:13] <juliank> only the bug desktop owns
[16:13] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:13] <juliank> empty
[16:13] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:13] <juliank> empty too
[16:14] <juliank> What is happening?!
[16:14] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[16:14] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[16:15] <ginggs> i suggest to skip cmake, it got a new upload today in debian
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[16:15] <zhsj> maybe no one triages the bugs and adds incoming tags :/
[16:16] <juliank> pinentry is with dviererbe still
[16:16] <juliank> setuptools vs scikit-build is with me, sigh
[16:16] <dviererbe> just waiting for someone to sponsor my MP
[16:16] <juliank> will sponsor after meeting
[16:17] <juliank> apport should be with bdrung but doesn't seem to have an active JIRA
[16:17] <adrien> I made sure that all migrations that were requiring only re-triggers got them
[16:17] <adrien> that may have lowered the count
[16:18] <juliank> iputils is with schopin
[16:18] <juliank> python-attrs is with levihackerman
[16:18] <juliank> xz-utils is with chrisccoulson
[16:19] <juliank> packagekit: juliank (side effect of apt transition, and apt lacking symbols for armhf t64 changes)
[16:21] <juliank> git vs pristine-tar: adrianoco
[16:22] <juliank> lintian: ginggs
[16:22] <ginggs> ack
[16:23] <juliank> gdb: doko - ftbfs on ppc64el
[16:27] <juliank>  libxml-libxml-perl blocking libxml2: vpa
[16:27] <juliank>  libxml-libxml-perl blocking libxml2: vpa1977
[16:28] <juliank> llvm-toolchain-19 doko
[16:30] <juliank> #topic AOB
[16:30] <ginggs> merge party!
[16:30] <ginggs> https://merges.ubuntu.com/universe.html
[16:31] <mkukri> who's gonna approve grub2 srus now?
[16:31] <bdrung> I'll be on PTO on Monday and Tuesday
[16:31] <ginggs> please looks especially where you are TIL
[16:31] <ginggs> and also take care of those where TIL are no longer around
[16:31] <slyon> I'll be out Fri & Mon. Also, I'll be moving to the Server team soonish. So... byebye Foundations! o/
[16:32] <bdrung> slyon, woah. but remember: once Foundations, always Foundations!
[16:33] <slyon> for sure!
[16:33] <adrien> slyon <3 and have fun with these weird people
[16:45] <juliank> #endmeeting
[16:45] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 16:45:30 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-11-21-16.02.moin.txt
