[15:52] <utkarsh2102> yoyo
[15:57] <mitchdz> hi
[15:59] <rbasak> o/
[15:59] <rbasak> I made it :)
[15:59] <utkarsh2102> yay
[15:59] <mitchdz> Good to see you Robie :)
[16:00] <utkarsh2102> I can chair, provided there's quorum :)
[16:01] <utkarsh2102> are there others here?
[16:02] <bdmurray> I'm in another meeting but watching
[16:03] <sil2100> o/
[16:06] <utkarsh2102> ok, should I start?
[16:06] <utkarsh2102> or?
[16:06] <rbasak> I suggest we proceed anyway.
[16:06] <rbasak> At least that way we can get the usual questions out of the way?
[16:07] <utkarsh2102> si
[16:07] <utkarsh2102> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board
[16:07] <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:07:21 UTC.  The chair is utkarsh2102.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[16:07] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[16:07] <utkarsh2102> #agenda
[16:07] <utkarsh2102> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DeveloperMembershipBoard/Agenda
[16:07] <utkarsh2102> #topic PPU Applications
[16:08] <utkarsh2102> #subtopic Mitchell Dzurick
[16:08] <utkarsh2102> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/mitchdz/ServerUploaderDeveloperApplication
[16:08] <utkarsh2102> mitchdz: hey! could you please introduce yourself? :)
[16:09] <mitchdz> Of course!
[16:09] <mitchdz> Hi everyone, I'm Mitch, you might know me already as I'm working at Canonical on the CPC team, mainly working on AWS related packages and tasks.
[16:10] <mitchdz> I'm looking to attain server package upload rights, to help contribute to the Ubuntu community :)
[16:11] <rbasak> o/
[16:12] <rbasak> Is Bryce around?
[16:12] <rbasak> His endorsement sounds like it was for PPU rather than server packageset. I wondered what the wiki said at the time he wrote the endorsement and it doesn't look like he edited the wiki himself?
[16:13] <rbasak> It's probably fine but he should probably confirm what it is he endorsed you for exactly.
[16:15] <rbasak> I pinged him privately
[16:16] <rbasak> Shall we ask questions in the meantime? I have a few unless someone else wants to drive first?
[16:16] <cpaelzer> he is around
[16:16] <bryceh> hi, sorry, was in another meeting.
[16:16] <cpaelzer> but he'd had to let me down for you :-P
[16:17] <rbasak> bryceh: thanks for joining! Your endorsement at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/mitchdz/ServerUploaderDeveloperApplication#Bryce_Harrington - is that for PPU or the server packageset please?
[16:17] <rbasak> Meanwhile I guess I'll start with questions
[16:17] <bryceh> server packageset was what I had in mind, was he applying for PPU?
[16:18] <rbasak> That's fine - your endorsement says PPU
[16:18] <bryceh> ah, sorry, then I was wrong
[16:18] <rbasak> No worries. The wiki history didn't leave me any wiser. Thank you for confirming!
[16:19] <rbasak> mitchdz: OK so first question. At what point in the release cycle must you stop uploading feature changes, where can you find that information, how do you decide what constitutes a feature change, what do you do if you want an exception?
[16:19] <mitchdz> Thanks bryce!
[16:21] <mitchdz> Thanks Robie, For oracular, as an example, you can find those dates at https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/oracular-oriole-release-schedule/36460 where August 15th is Feature Freeze. Feature freeze is any changes that adds a feature which is pretty much most things that are not strictly bug fixes or cosmetic changes such as branding.
[16:22] <mitchdz> You will file an FFE to make any feature changes
[16:22] <rbasak> Great. Where's the process for filing an FFe documented please?
[16:22] <mitchdz> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/FreezeExceptionProcess
[16:23] <rbasak> Excellent. Next, let's say that you upload an Ubuntu delta to a server package. What happens next wrt. that delta? What the process to ensure that we continue to keep up with changes upstream?
[16:25] <mitchdz> First I like to see if the change is relevant for upstream, and if not, then I look to include the changes in Debian so we do not diverge. If it does not apply to either (for example, it's a change for systemd and Debian wants sysvinit) I'll make a delta with sufficient comments explaining why we are holding those changes, and what to look out for when doing the next merge or fixing bugs.
[16:25] <rbasak> when doing the next merge> how do you ensure that this happens and doesn't get forgotten about?
[16:27] <mitchdz> There's a few ways, 2 that I like - first I like to have a descriptive summary in the git commit message stating to carry it over, look into it more, or potentially drop. Second option if it might require a discussion is to bring it up on the merge bug in LP.
[16:27] <rbasak> Where does the LP merge bug come from?
[16:28] <mitchdz> For the server packages Bryce usually makes them
[16:28] <rbasak> OK :)
[16:28] <rbasak> I suppose what I was looking for is that you understand that the process is that the server team tracks these things :)
[16:28] <utkarsh2102> I'd also like to add information in patches, if they are, as PEP-3 guidelines :)
[16:29] <utkarsh2102> DEP* :)
[16:29] <rbasak> Next, let's say you do an upload to add a delta. What do you need to ensure next, and how do you do that?
[16:29] <mitchdz> Definitely Utkarsh, those help too :)
[16:30] <mitchdz> rbasak: Is this a general question of what should be done after a package is uploaded?
[16:31] <rbasak> mitchdz: socially, you have some responsibilities in the days after you upload a package. What are those?
[16:32] <mitchdz> Ah understood
[16:33] <mitchdz> The package would then enter the unapproved queue and if it gets neglected, it would be nice to ping in IRC so it doesn't get lost. If the packages have any issues, it would be nice to guide along the issues especially if the committer is new to the process. Once the package is in the -proposed pocket then monitoring the package for any regressions is also necessary.
[16:34] <mitchdz> s/commiter/individual making the changes/g
[16:34] <bdmurray> What kind of "issues" could occru?
[16:35] <bdmurray> s/occru/occur/
[16:35] <mitchdz> Perhaps something wasn't caught such as a change that seems harmless, but upon further review could have side effects that are not intended
[16:36] <rbasak> Are you thinking of an SRU specifically? I was thinking about an upload to the development release.
[16:36] <mitchdz> Ah yes I'm in the SRU mindset mostly
[16:36] <mitchdz> but a decent chunk of the process still applies to devel
[16:36] <rbasak> I think your answer makes sense when speaking of an SRU, but please could you also answer the question for a development release upload?
[16:37] <mitchdz> For development release it's common to add a lot of changes/features so it would be good to keep an eye out for new bugs coming out that pertain to changes you made, especially because you will probably be most informed about the changes so could address them easily.
[16:37] <rbasak> OK, so let's say that you do that upload and the package is built in oracular-proposed. What happens next?
[16:38] <bdmurray> How would you learn about regressions for a package version in -proposed?
[16:38] <mitchdz> You would look for your package in https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html
[16:39] <mitchdz> I usually just ctrl+f the package name I'm working on to see if anything is sad now
[16:40] <rbasak> Do you know where the documentation is with guides for working on that page?
[16:40] <mitchdz> Would that be this page? https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-maintainers-handbook/blob/main/ProposedMigration.md
[16:41] <rbasak> Sure, that'll do :)
[16:41] <rbasak> Thanks! I have no more questions.
[16:41] <mitchdz> Thanks Robie :)
[16:44] <utkarsh2102> ok, no questions from me either.
[16:44] <bdmurray> I have no further questions.
[16:44] <utkarsh2102> sil2100?
[16:44] <sil2100> No question
[16:45] <sil2100> ...s
[16:45] <utkarsh2102> coolio, I'll proceed to vote then
[16:45] <utkarsh2102> #vote Mitchell Dzurick to get PPU rights for Server related packages
[16:45] <meetingology> Please vote on: Mitchell Dzurick to get PPU rights for Server related packages
[16:45] <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')
[16:45] <rbasak> +1
[16:45] <meetingology> +1 received from rbasak
[16:46] <bdmurray> +1
[16:46] <meetingology> +1 received from bdmurray
[16:46] <sil2100> +1
[16:46] <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100
[16:46] <rbasak> FWIW, it's not PPU. It's server packageset.
[16:46] <utkarsh2102> +1; I've known and seen Mitch's work for quite a while now and I convinced that he'll be a good addition. Please don't forget to ask for help and go into rabbit holes unnecessarily. ;)
[16:46] <meetingology> +1; I've known and seen Mitch's work for quite a while now and I convinced that he'll be a good addition. Please don't forget to ask for help and go into rabbit holes unnecessarily. ;) received from utkarsh2102
[16:46] <utkarsh2102> rbasak: ah yes
[16:46] <utkarsh2102> #endvote
[16:46] <meetingology> Voting ended on: Mitchell Dzurick to get PPU rights for Server related packages
[16:46] <meetingology> Votes for: 4, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0
[16:46] <meetingology> Motion carried
[16:46] <rbasak> PPU would imply a separate ACL entry, which this isn't. Server packageset just needs ~ubuntu-server-dev team membership
[16:46] <rbasak> (+ ~ubuntu-dev etc)
[16:46] <utkarsh2102> yes, I am aware
[16:47] <utkarsh2102> thanks!
[16:47] <utkarsh2102> mitchdz: congratulations, I'll add your acl shortly
[16:47] <mitchdz> \o/
[16:47] <rbasak> Contratulations Mitch!
[16:47] <rbasak> Contra? Congra.
[16:47] <mitchdz> Thank you!
[16:47] <utkarsh2102> #ubuntu-devel utkarsh2102 to add mitchdz to the server packageset and announce the same
[16:47] <utkarsh2102> ughhhh, autocorrect
[16:47] <rbasak> Although I like contragulations. For when you don't really mean it. But I did mean it, so congratulations :-P
[16:48] <utkarsh2102> #action utkarsh2102 to add mitchdz to the server packageset and announce the same
[16:48] <meetingology> ACTION: utkarsh2102 to add mitchdz to the server packageset and announce the same
[16:48] <utkarsh2102> ok, anything else?
[16:48] <mitchdz> Speaking of PPU, I sent an email just before this that I would also be interested in a PPU for `ec2-hibinit-agent` if we want to squeeze that in :) No worries if not
[16:48] <rbasak> We still have that outstanding unassigned ML item I think?
[16:48] <utkarsh2102> mitchdz: I think that's doable - rbasak, bdmurray, sil2100?
[16:49] <rbasak> Looking
[16:50] <mitchdz> I'd be glad to give a quick explanation of the package and why I'm looking to attain uploader rights
[16:50] <utkarsh2102> I am happy to vote directly, though
[16:50] <utkarsh2102> mitchdz: a "why" would be helpful for others to get context
[16:50] <utkarsh2102> so please do that
[16:50] <mitchdz> Sure, shortly - `ec2-hibinit-agent
[16:51] <mitchdz> is one of the cloud agents to support hibernation. It mainly sets up SWAP on the system and talks to the AWS backend to get information.
[16:51] <mitchdz> It's one of those packages that often needs a change "all the way back" usually to Focal for pretty simple changes
[16:52] <mitchdz> So I would like to get uploader rights to help alleviate the burden of finding a sponsor for these types of packages
[16:52] <rbasak> So the first couple of sponsored uploads I looked into seem to have significant review feedback.
[16:52] <rbasak> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ec2-hibinit-agent/+bug/2031345/comments/4 is one
[16:52] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2031345 in ec2-hibinit-agent (Ubuntu Lunar) "Swap file remains unnecessarily large if system memory size decreases" [Undecided, Fix Released]
[16:53] <mitchdz> Heh yeah, those were some of my first changes so I was learning a bit back then :)
[16:53] <rbasak> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ec2-hibinit-agent/+bug/2023924/comments/10 is another
[16:53] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2023924 in ec2-hibinit-agent (Ubuntu Mantic) "The latest version creates /\'/var/lib/hibinit-agent\' directory" [Undecided, Fix Released]
[16:54] <rbasak> That may be so but those are (nearly) your most recent ec2-hibinit-agent uploads
[16:56] <rbasak> It feels like this is a tricky, messy package (by its nature - not a problem with the packaging itself)
[16:57] <rbasak> IMHO, it needs careful review, and the still fairly recent track record seems to suggest that this is a good thing and should continue for now, IMHO.
[16:57] <rbasak> It's subjective though and others' views may vary!
[16:57] <rbasak> I don't think it's anything you've done or not done, but my conclusion for now is that it's inappropriate for a new uploader to have PPU for this.
[16:58] <mitchdz> That's fair enough, I can definitely come again when more changes are done. I get requests for a lot of changes and have pushed back on a few since they don't apply to Ubuntu
[16:59] <utkarsh2102> just to be clear - mitchdz, you'll apply again in the upcoming weeks and not now, right?
[16:59] <rbasak> What I'd like to see is a track record of sponsored uploads where you've successfully anticipated key points of review feedback. It's fine if you've antipicated by asking questions though!
[17:00] <rbasak> I'd want those examples to be of similar complexity to the previous uploads.
[17:01] <mitchdz> Yeah if we decide not to do the PPU for ec2-hibinit-agent, that will be a later date
[17:01] <mitchdz> or perhaps I'll work towards the new ubuntu-cloud :)
[17:01] <utkarsh2102> got it, alright, thanks
[17:01] <utkarsh2102> we're already at the top of the hour
[17:01] <bryceh> or core-dev...?  ;=)
[17:02] <rbasak> I remain concerned that sgmoore's ML request still has not had an answer.
[17:02] <rbasak> Can someone take that please?
[17:02] <utkarsh2102> yes, I plan to do it this week
[17:02] <rbasak> We can't keep skipping the standing agenda items :-(
[17:02] <utkarsh2102> I have a rough draft ready, just need to polish it, and send it out
[17:02] <rbasak> Thanks! Maybe give yourself an action?
[17:03] <utkarsh2102> #action utkarsh2102 to reply to Scarlett's mail on the ML
[17:03] <meetingology> ACTION: utkarsh2102 to reply to Scarlett's mail on the ML
[17:03] <rbasak> Thank you!
[17:03] <utkarsh2102> #topic AOB
[17:03] <utkarsh2102> anything else?
[17:03] <rbasak> Nothing else from me thanks!
[17:03] <utkarsh2102> 5..
[17:03] <utkarsh2102> 4..
[17:03] <utkarsh2102> 3..
[17:04] <utkarsh2102> 2..
[17:04] <utkarsh2102> 1..
[17:04] <utkarsh2102> #endmeeting
[17:04] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 17:04:04 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-06-24-16.07.moin.txt
[17:04] <utkarsh2102> thanks, all o/
[17:04]  * rbasak runs away to family commitments
[17:04] <utkarsh2102> :wq!
=== ahasenack_ is now known as ahasenack
=== dbungert1 is now known as dbungert
