=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== JanC_ is now known as JanC
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[15:01] <schopin> o/
[15:01] <mkukri> o/
[15:01] <dviererbe> o/
[15:01] <ginggs> o/
[15:01] <mateus-morais> o/
[15:01] <ogayot> o/
[15:01] <slyon> o/
[15:02] <juliank> o/
[15:02] <upils> o/
[15:02] <xypron> \o
[15:02] <liushuyu> o/
[15:02] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:02] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:39 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:02] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:02] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:02] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-04-04/
[15:03] <juliank> I'm afraid I got lost in discussions and have no update written :(
[15:03] <schopin> juliank: same here.
[15:07] <ravikant_> o/
[15:07] <bdmurray> lost in discussions or in work?
[15:09] <vorlon> - preparing the design of t-shirts which read "I talked to Jia Tan"
[15:09] <vorlon> winning
[15:10] <bdmurray> Is the Milk-V Mars some new hardware we'll be supporting. xypron ?
[15:10] <adrien> I suck at design so only white letters on black t-shirt ;-)
[15:10] <xypron> bdmurray: nothing decided yet
[15:11] <xypron> It is a RISC-V board with the same SoC as the VisionFive2 which we support.
[15:12] <vorlon> adrien: that's fine, it goes right along with the "No I won't fix your laptop but mjg59 will" tshirt in my drawer
[15:12] <juliank> Does anyone want some more time for status update reading/discussion? We have 2 incoming bugs to discuss today
[15:13] <adrien> vorlon: :D   but now maybe I really need to make that t-shirt...
[15:13] <bdmurray> I'm still reading
[15:14]  * juliank was in the wrong window
[15:14] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:14] <juliank> 2 today
[15:15] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:15] <juliank> bug 1951491
[15:15] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1951491 in snapd (Ubuntu) "Can't run snaps: .slice/session-1.scope is not a snap cgroup" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951491
[15:16] <juliank> I think this is expected sort of?
[15:16] <juliank> People seem to try to run stuff as a different user in a cron job without having a user session for that user
[15:17] <juliank> Like this is not how you do this:
[15:17] <juliank> I had to install dbus-user-session and then make sure the /run/user/../bus was initialized by for example runuser -u user /bin/true.
[15:17] <juliank> And make sure that it remains by loginctl enable-linger user
[15:17] <juliank> But how is VNC related to it?
[15:18] <mkukri> that makes sense, but i am not sure if a user can reasonable figure that
[15:18] <juliank> I think there's probably 3 issues mixed into one at that point
[15:18] <juliank> Yeah some others somehow ended up with sessions without a session bus
[15:19] <juliank> Closing the entire thing and asking for clear bugs would be a good start?
[15:21] <vorlon> no objection
[15:22] <vorlon> next? :)
[15:22] <juliank> Since there was no opposition I've just done that, marking them all Incomplete and asking people to file clear succinct bugs
[15:22] <juliank> Writing took a while :)
[15:22] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:22] <juliank> bug 2058743
[15:22] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2058743 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd local DNS tests failing with timeout" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2058743
[15:23] <juliank> sarnold:
[15:23] <juliank> sorry
[15:23] <juliank> slyon:
[15:23] <slyon> I wanted to reach out to the server team... Still need to do that
[15:23] <slyon> It's not urgent, we should skip it for now
[15:23] <juliank> ack
[15:23] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:23] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[15:23] <juliank> vorlon:
[15:23] <juliank> not sure anything useful there?
[15:24] <vorlon> mtd-utils missing builds? :)
[15:24] <juliank> yes but does it make sense assigning vs someone solving it in adhoc fashion
[15:24] <vorlon> I guess what I'll say here is, if anybody doesn't have a corner of the xz-utils migration to work on right now, this is a useful additional list to draw from
[15:25] <vorlon> but yes I don't think assigning individual packages here makes sense when we're in an all-hands-on-deck situation for xz-utils
[15:25] <juliank> Do we want to talk about xz-utils?
[15:25] <vorlon> does someone need us to?
[15:25] <vorlon> what has yet to be covered
[15:25] <juliank> otherwise it's aob
[15:26] <juliank> #topic AOB
[15:26] <juliank> So be it
[15:26] <vorlon> well, I can tell y'all what my plan is for my work day wrt xz-utils
[15:26] <vorlon> which is that by EOD I intend to have Ubuntu Desktop images buildable
[15:26] <vorlon> by hook or by crook
[15:26] <vorlon> so skiptesting anything necessary to get packages migrated
[15:27] <vorlon> stage 1 is still getting livecd-rootfs installable
[15:27] <vorlon> stage 2 is making debootstrap work
[15:27] <vorlon> stage 3 is making ubuntu-desktop installable
[15:27] <vorlon> help wanted to make sure we minimize regressing things in the process
[15:27] <vorlon> (similar to during time_t)
[15:33] <juliank> #endmeeting
[15:33] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:33:44 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-04-04-15.02.moin.txt
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[19:53] <jnsgruk> Good evening all! :)
[19:54] <Bashing-om> jnsgruk: Hello - we get started in a few moments.
[19:59] <Bashing-om> jnsgruk: Daylight savings time effect ? We are awaiting board members to check in.
[20:08] <jnsgruk> Looks like the logs from earlier on people were around, so perhaps just bad luck on availability?
[20:10] <Bashing-om> jnsgruk: Beginning to wonder what is not taking place :)
[20:14] <jnsgruk> Any chance people are holding out for the 2200 UTC meeting?
[20:17] <Bashing-om> jnsgruk: Such would be unusual - I checked my E-mail and no advisories there. I have no real ideas of what the circumstances can be that the members fail to appear. // wait some more.
[20:18] <jnsgruk> Will do :)
[20:43] <jnsgruk> Bashing-om will you be around for the meeting later? Or should we just assume this will get picked up in the next meeting (3rd wednesday?)
[20:45] <Bashing-om> jnsgruk: I do not have the experience to advise presently on the next step from this failure. // Is your Launchpad contact link valid ?
[20:45] <jnsgruk> Yep all up to date
[20:47] <Bashing-om> jnsgruk: When I know more - I will so advise via the Launchpad link. OK  ?
[20:47] <jnsgruk> Sounds good, thanks
[20:48] <Bashing-om> jnsgruk: I do apologize on behalf of the board for this bad circumstance.
[20:48] <jnsgruk> No problem :)
[20:49] <Bashing-om> I too have chores to attend to - I will chack back in here later.
[20:49] <jnsgruk> Probably the best mode of contact is telegram -- I'm jnsgruk there too
[20:49] <jnsgruk> I can hang around until the meeting at 2200
[20:50] <Bashing-om> jnsgruk: I have no telegram client - or account. Perhaps others on the board do.
[21:00] <Bashing-om> Our time slot has expired:
[21:00] <Bashing-om> #endmeeting
=== jnsgruk92 is now known as jnsgruk
[22:00] <jnsgruk> o/
