[14:45] <lunazest> any MIR meeting today or are Canonical people still on vacation?
[15:29] <sarnold> good morning
[15:29] <eslerm> good morning
[15:30] <cpaelzer> hiho
[15:31] <cpaelzer> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status
[15:31] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:31:12 UTC.  The chair is cpaelzer.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:31] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:31] <cpaelzer> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )
[15:31] <cpaelzer> let us check who of us is already back
[15:31] <cpaelzer> I've seen sarnold and eslerm before the meeting log started  hi
[15:31] <cpaelzer> IIRC slyon is still out
[15:32] <cpaelzer> so it might be lonely, but still worth to have a look in case something huge came up
[15:32] <cpaelzer> #topic current component mismatches
[15:32] <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams
[15:32] <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg
[15:32] <cpaelzer> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg
[15:32] <cpaelzer> I've already filed an issues for cherrypy3 in server
[15:33] <cpaelzer> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/cherrypy3/+bug/2047821
[15:33] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2047821 in objgraph (Ubuntu) "[MIR] objgraph" [Undecided, Incomplete]
[15:33] <cpaelzer> and I did an analysis for https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nut/+bug/2046263
[15:33] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2046263 in libmodbus (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libmodbus" [Undecided, Incomplete]
[15:33] <cpaelzer> I think both are bad and we should not promote them
[15:33] <cpaelzer> details in the cases and the team needs to follow up
[15:34] <cpaelzer> we see a few other new cases
[15:34] <cpaelzer> two I think
[15:34] <cpaelzer> lxml -> pytohn-cssselect (foundations) and duplicity -> setuptools-scm
[15:34] <cpaelzer> I think the former casn wait a week until slyon is here
[15:35] <cpaelzer> doko: ^^ in case you want to raise this in the team this week already
[15:35] <cpaelzer> jbicha: seb128: didrocks: FYI on the duplicity case
[15:35] <cpaelzer> let us know by next week once you had a chance to look
[15:35] <cpaelzer> and then there is a secret which changed in those views
[15:35] <cpaelzer> sarnold: eslerm: do you spot it?
[15:35] <cpaelzer> hint: something is missing
[15:36] <sarnold> they did look rather smaller than I remembered but I couldn't figure out what was gone :)
[15:36] <cpaelzer> maas -> ipmitools is gone after Dimitri and Adam and I sorted that out
[15:36] <sarnold> there's much less perl around ..
[15:36] <sarnold> OMG OMG OMG
[15:36] <cpaelzer> hehe
[15:36] <eslerm> what is the new group they are in?
[15:37] <sarnold> our christmas wishes did come true!
[15:37] <cpaelzer> they are in the maas-community seed which has other things they use but are only on community level of support
[15:37] <cpaelzer> which is true for ipmitools as well, and in future also isc-dhcp-server which got demoted (we moved that as well)
[15:37] <eslerm> that is a good place for them :)
[15:38] <cpaelzer> enough happiness, let us look at a potentially huge queue without many people to process it
[15:38] <cpaelzer> #topic New MIRs
[15:38] <cpaelzer> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing
[15:38] <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[15:38] <cpaelzer> I think I can only pick one which is our promised minimal rate (1 per MIR reviewer per week)
[15:39] <cpaelzer> I'll pick the oldest for fairness
[15:39] <cpaelzer> didrocks: slyon: joalif: if you read that later, please consider picking one from the list as well
[15:39] <jamespage> looking
[15:39] <cpaelzer> or we get into bad backlog mode
[15:39] <jamespage> I can pick https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/python-pyasyncore/+bug/2046160
[15:39] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2046160 in python-pyasyncore (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python3-pyasyncore" [Undecided, New]
[15:39] <cpaelzer> I'll pick  python3-pyasyncore
[15:39] <eslerm> libqrtr-glib might be worth checking today too, it looks fairly complete ?
[15:39] <jamespage> hah
[15:39] <cpaelzer> you shouldn't do your own jamespage :-)
[15:39] <cpaelzer> at least if avoidable
[15:40] <jamespage> yeah just saw who raised that
[15:40] <cpaelzer> yeah libqrtr-glib seems just a confirmation if we are complete
[15:40] <cpaelzer> I can do that
[15:40] <cpaelzer> jamespage: which of the remaining ones do you want to pick?
[15:42] <cpaelzer> by age it would be https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libparams-validate-perl/+bug/2046181
[15:42] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2046181 in libparams-validate-perl (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libparams-validate-perl (as libgetopt-long-descriptive-perl, libmail-dkim-perl dependency)" [Undecided, New]
[15:42] <cpaelzer> ok with that?
[15:42] <jamespage> sure
[15:42] <cpaelzer> assigned and thanks
[15:42] <cpaelzer> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions
[15:42] <cpaelzer> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams
[15:42] <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[15:42] <cpaelzer> nothing happened here in the EOY-shutdown phase
[15:43] <cpaelzer> #topic Process/Documentation improvements
[15:43] <cpaelzer> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues
[15:43] <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls
[15:43] <cpaelzer> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues
[15:43] <cpaelzer> nothing new either
[15:43] <cpaelzer> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue
[15:43] <cpaelzer> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?
[15:43] <cpaelzer> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.
[15:43] <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[15:43] <cpaelzer> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[15:43] <cpaelzer> Internal link
[15:43] <cpaelzer> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect
[15:43] <cpaelzer> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much
[15:43] <cpaelzer> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594
[15:43] <cpaelzer> I guess not much as well, or was security not allowed to take a timeout as the CVEs do not stop either?
[15:44] <sarnold> we worked short hours with skeleton crews, no MIRs were worked
[15:44] <eslerm> pydantic has a draft review done :)
[15:44] <cpaelzer> sarnold: understandable
[15:45] <cpaelzer> eslerm: lovely
[15:45] <sarnold> iirc libmysofa had some communication with upstream via private email infrastructure that worked better than via canonical email infrastructure
[15:45] <cpaelzer> which is the last to get jaraco out of the picture
[15:45] <cpaelzer> sarnold: yeah you mentioned there were issues, still odd
[15:45] <cpaelzer> well, that is more than I could expect given most were out
[15:45] <cpaelzer> thank you two!
[15:45] <cpaelzer> #topic Any other business?
[15:46] <cpaelzer> nothing from me in 2024 yet, except - Happy new year everyone!
[15:46] <sarnold> happy new year :) that's it from me, hehe
[15:46] <cpaelzer> wow - in sync!
[15:46] <cpaelzer> in that case, let us not prolong it much more
[15:46] <cpaelzer> except, well
[15:46] <cpaelzer> lunazest: you pinged before
[15:46] <cpaelzer> did you have any question to ask or clarification to make?
[15:50] <sarnold> my guess is no: luna likes to follow along with the various meetings equally
[15:50] <cpaelzer> hmm, not around
[15:50] <cpaelzer> which I'm happy to hear
[15:50] <cpaelzer> but then we do not need to wait
[15:50] <cpaelzer> clsoing out for today
[15:50] <cpaelzer> thank you all
[15:50] <lunazest> cpaelzer: nope not really started watching Youtube and forgot about the meeting sorry
[15:50] <cpaelzer> hehe
[15:50] <cpaelzer> ok lunazest
[15:51] <sarnold> ooh, enjoy :)
[15:51] <cpaelzer> #endmeeting
[15:51] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:51:08 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-01-02-15.31.moin.txt
[15:51] <sarnold> thanks cpaelzer, eslerm, jamespage :)
[15:51] <lunazest> well check the minutes later, bye for now
[15:51] <jamespage> thanks all
[15:51] <jamespage> ttfn
[15:52] <eslerm> thanks all o/
[16:05] <didrocks> cpaelzer: Iâm picking libgetopt-long-descriptive-perl for the sake of older-is-more-fair :)
[16:07] <didrocks> on duplicity, I will let seb128 and jbicha handling it
[16:40] <cpaelzer> thanks didrocks
[19:58]  * vorlon waves
[19:58] <rbasak-mobile> o/
[19:59] <sil2100> o/
[19:59] <amurray> o/
[19:59] <rbasak-mobile> Slow typing today as I'm on the road and left my laptop in the wrong car by accident. Sorry!
[20:00] <sil2100> No worries! Should I chair today perhaps?
[20:00] <sil2100> Been a while
[20:00] <rbasak-mobile> Yes please thanks
[20:00] <vorlon> here, but I'm going to be slow at typing today for a minute as well; just got back from a walk in the rain and my hands are stiff :-)
[20:00] <sil2100> #startmeeting Ubuntu Technical Board
[20:00] <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:00:33 UTC.  The chair is sil2100.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[20:00] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[20:00] <sil2100> #topic Apologies
[20:00] <sil2100> I guess seb is out, right?
[20:01] <amurray> he doesn't appear to be online from what I can see
[20:01] <sil2100> I can't remember if he sent anything, but I think he's still out-of-office
[20:01] <sil2100> #topic Action review
[20:01] <sil2100> ACTION: seb128/amurray/sil200 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage
[20:02] <sil2100> Not sure about seb or amurray, but I didn't work on this yet
[20:02] <rbasak-mobile> My actions all need carrying over please.
[20:02] <amurray> I recall seeing some update to the doc but I need to look at it again - carry over please
[20:02] <sil2100> Hopefully I can contribute more in the nearest month
[20:02] <sil2100> ACK
[20:03] <vorlon> (confirmed that Seb is OoO)
[20:03] <sil2100> #action seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage
[20:03] <meetingology> ACTION: seb128/amurray/sil2100 to help drafting the snap-store Ubuntu-specific tracks usage
[20:03] <vorlon> my action is also carry-over
[20:03] <sil2100> Now some actions from rbasak-mobile, carrying-over as requested
[20:03] <sil2100> #action rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
[20:03] <meetingology> ACTION: rbasak to draft a proposal of the DMB-proposed inactivity expiration policy for TB ratification
[20:03] <sil2100> #action rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps
[20:03] <meetingology> ACTION: rbasak to follow up on finding consensus on question of test plans for third party apps
[20:04] <sil2100> #action rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy
[20:04] <meetingology> ACTION: rbasak to open wider discussion on third-party repo policy
[20:04] <sil2100> Next is:
[20:04] <sil2100> CTION: seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
[20:04] <sil2100> I guess best would be if we had seb here
[20:05] <sil2100> I am certainly still responsible for the Release team documentation. As the release team knows, I have a short draft that I need to make public somewhere
[20:05] <sil2100> I'll discuss with the release team on the best placement for that
[20:05] <sil2100> Anything to add before I carry it over?
[20:05] <vorlon> no; I think it's clearly carry-over
[20:05] <sil2100> #action seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
[20:05] <meetingology> ACTION: seb128 to continue working with SRU, AA, Release, Backporters and Security teams to document their membership process and link to it from https://wiki.ubuntu.com/TechnicalBoard#Team_Delegations
[20:06] <rbasak-mobile> I think the SRU side is done on the ML and just meeds transferring to formal docs
[20:06] <sil2100> Some carry overs:
[20:06] <sil2100> #action vorlon to write up draft guidelines for packages in the archive that download from the Internet
[20:06] <meetingology> ACTION: vorlon to write up draft guidelines for packages in the archive that download from the Internet
[20:06] <sil2100> #action seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request
[20:06] <meetingology> ACTION: seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu cinnamon on 24.04 request
[20:06] <sil2100> Now an action for me, but I think it's actually done:
[20:06] <sil2100> ACTION: sil2100 to follow-up with ubuntu studio on 24.04 request
[20:07] <sil2100> In my latest reply to the LTS qualification, I signed off it with my TB hat
[20:07] <sil2100> So I consider this one done
[20:08] <sil2100> (no carry over)
[20:08] <tsimonq2> I have Lubuntu's draft LTS qualification on my desk and ready for a final ack today. Expect that soon.
[20:08] <sil2100> ACTION: amurray to follow-up with edubuntu on 24.04 request
[20:08] <sil2100> amurray: how's your item looking? ^
[20:08] <sil2100> tsimonq2: excellent
[20:09] <amurray> I was waiting on them posting the support policy in some public location but I don't think they have anything (are apparently waiting on IS for their web hosting iirc)
[20:09] <Eickmeyer> amurray: Hi! As far as I was aware, that wasn't a hard requirement.
[20:09] <vorlon> sil2100: you're signing off as an individual TB member?  I think it's better governance-wise to have TB votes on these, as in the example of ubuntu-unity
[20:10] <sil2100> vorlon: oh, I was not aware that was the process
[20:10] <vorlon> well the wiki page says "TB" not "a member of the TB"
[20:10] <sil2100> vorlon: I thought in the past I saw it being single people signing off
[20:10] <sil2100> Then we can vote for that for sure
[20:11] <sil2100> #vote Signing off on Ubuntu Studio on 24.04 LTS request
[20:11] <meetingology> Please vote on: Signing off on Ubuntu Studio on 24.04 LTS request
[20:11] <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')
[20:11] <sil2100> +1
[20:11] <meetingology> +1 received from sil2100
[20:11] <vorlon> +1
[20:11] <meetingology> +1 received from vorlon
[20:11] <amurray> +1
[20:11] <meetingology> +1 received from amurray
[20:12] <rbasak-mobile> +1 see ML thread - I'm merely choosing to follow sil2100 and vorlon here.
[20:12] <meetingology> +1 see ML thread - I'm merely choosing to follow sil2100 and vorlon here. received from rbasak-mobile
[20:12] <vorlon> addendum: we ought to make sure we have some central place collecting the state of LTS sign-off for all the flavors
[20:12] <sil2100> #endvote
[20:12] <meetingology> Voting ended on: Signing off on Ubuntu Studio on 24.04 LTS request
[20:12] <meetingology> Votes for: 4, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0
[20:12] <meetingology> Motion carried
[20:12] <sil2100> vorlon: +1 on that too!
[20:12] <sil2100> For now I'll follow up on the thread, let me add an action for that
[20:13] <sil2100> #action sil2100 to send confirmation of successful LTS status for Ubuntu Studio 24.04
[20:13] <meetingology> ACTION: sil2100 to send confirmation of successful LTS status for Ubuntu Studio 24.04
[20:13] <sil2100> Back to the previous action item
[20:13] <vorlon> do we want it in the 24.04 release notes in the discourse, or do we want it in a wiki page?
[20:14] <tsimonq2> addendum> There is an existing Discourse thread tracking information about 24.04 participation that also includes these details. I would suggest to the TB that they should manage a Discourse post with the official list.
[20:14] <sil2100> amurray: do you consider this a hard requirement for the policy to be made available right now, or would you be happy for this happening later?
[20:14] <tsimonq2> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/responses-needed-flavor-participation-for-24-04-lts/40075
[20:14] <amurray> no I don't consider it a hard policy but I think we would definitely want it before the release goes live
[20:14] <amurray> s/policy/requirement/
[20:15] <sil2100> amurray: +1 indeed
[20:15] <sil2100> amurray: if you're fine with the request otherwise, do you want to vote for it now?
[20:15] <vorlon> as long as the flavor commits to having it up by release time, regardless of domain hosting status
[20:16] <sil2100> Eickmeyer: ^ is that something you can commit to?
[20:16] <Eickmeyer> That puts Edubuntu in a rough situation with our current hosting situation. We simply do *not* have a place to put it.
[20:16] <rbasak-mobile> It seems weird to be waiting just because of an issue with publication in a particular place. I suggest just using Discourse in the meantime and so whether it is blocking or not shouldn't even need to be a question.
[20:16] <Eickmeyer> We're working with Aaron Prisk to get IS to work on this, but they don't have it as a priority item.
[20:17] <sil2100> So maybe like this: if by around release time the hosting situation is still not solved, would it be possible for you to publish a discourse post with all the details instead?
[20:17] <Eickmeyer> sil2100: It will be in the release notes for sure if the hosting situation isn't resolved. Our release notes have been published to Discourse in the meantime.
[20:17] <vorlon> NB hosting of per-flavor websites is not listed on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/RecognizedFlavors as part of what Canonical commits to
[20:18] <sil2100> Eickmeyer: that sounds like a good plan B to me
[20:18] <sil2100> amurray WDYT?
[20:18] <amurray> works for me
[20:18] <sil2100> Let's vote
[20:18] <Eickmeyer> vorlon: Edubuntu used to be hosted by Canonical, and Ubuntu Studio currently is, along with Kubuntu, so there's precident.
[20:19] <sil2100> #vote Signing off on Edubuntu 24.04 LTS request
[20:19] <meetingology> Please vote on: Signing off on Edubuntu 24.04 LTS request
[20:19] <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')
[20:19] <rbasak-mobile> No precedent for an SLA though. I didn't think hosting at all or not was in question?
[20:19] <sil2100> +1 (with the compromise as we discussed above)
[20:19] <meetingology> +1 (with the compromise as we discussed above) received from sil2100
[20:19] <amurray> +1
[20:19] <meetingology> +1 received from amurray
[20:20] <vorlon> the point is that from a governance perspective, the flavors are responsible for meeting the LTS requirements, and this isn't a buck that can be passed to Canonical IS
[20:21] <arraybolt3> There's already a workaround in place, there's no buck being passed that I can see.
[20:21] <sil2100> (vorlon, rbasak-mobile ^)
[20:22] <vorlon> +1
[20:22] <meetingology> +1 received from vorlon
[20:22] <rbasak-mobile> +1 see ML thread - I'm merely choosing to follow sil2100 and vorlon here.
[20:22] <meetingology> +1 see ML thread - I'm merely choosing to follow sil2100 and vorlon here. received from rbasak-mobile
[20:22] <sil2100> #endvote
[20:22] <meetingology> Voting ended on: Signing off on Edubuntu 24.04 LTS request
[20:22] <meetingology> Votes for: 4, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0
[20:22] <meetingology> Motion carried
[20:23] <sil2100> amurray: can you follow up with the final decision on the thread? Thank you!
[20:23] <amurray> yep
[20:23] <sil2100> #action amurray to send confirmation of successful LTS status for Edubuntu 24.04
[20:23] <meetingology> ACTION: amurray to send confirmation of successful LTS status for Edubuntu 24.04
[20:23] <sil2100> Carrying over seb's item
[20:23] <sil2100> #action seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu budgie on 24.04 request
[20:23] <meetingology> ACTION: seb128 to follow-up with ubuntu budgie on 24.04 request
[20:23] <sil2100> ACTION: amurray to follow-up with ubuntu kylin on 24.04 request
[20:24] <sil2100> amurray: ^ any luck with Kylin? I might have missed any ML threads regarding this
[20:24] <amurray> I proposed voting via email yesterday
[20:24] <tsimonq2> rbasak-mobile: There is existing precedence for flavors to ask Canonical to host infrastructure, however, to my knowledge it's been a courtesy rather than a requirement. For example, our domain is hosted by Canonical, and if that goes down, that would certainly reflect poorly on our qualification efforts.
[20:25] <vorlon> since the UbuntuKylin vote has already been called on the mailing list I propose we continue it there rather than voting in the meeting
[20:25] <sil2100> amurray: do you want to vote here instead?
[20:25] <amurray> I think email is fine
[20:26] <sil2100> ACK o/
[20:26] <sil2100> I'll carry it over then
[20:26] <rbasak-mobile> I agree but again this shouldn't be relevant or seen as blocking. We can be pragmatic and just publish somewhere else eg. Discourse. Not need for this to formally block anything.
[20:26] <sil2100> #action amurray to follow-up with ubuntu kylin on 24.04 request
[20:26] <meetingology> ACTION: amurray to follow-up with ubuntu kylin on 24.04 request
[20:26] <sil2100> Okay, let's move on
[20:26] <sil2100> #topic Scan the mailing list archive for anything we missed
[20:26] <vorlon> note that there is also CFV on the mailing list for Ubuntu Unity
[20:27] <vorlon> which wasn't assigned to me in the TB meeting when they were being assigned because I wasn't able to attend, instead I just picked up the ones that hadn't been assigned
=== JanC_ is now known as JanC
[20:27] <sil2100> I'll try to follow up on those with votes then
[20:27] <sil2100> I think there are no actionable items on the ML that do not have actions already, from what I know?
[20:28] <sil2100> Since we have the participation e-mails, the process thread, and all those have action items assigned
[20:28] <rbasak-mobile> I think it's worth following up on a multitude of issues raised by the mutter regression but I'll follow up on the list first, hopefully this week.
[20:28] <sil2100> rbasak-mobile: thanks
[20:28] <sil2100> #topic Check up on community bugs and techboard bugs'
[20:29] <sil2100> Nothing new there
[20:29] <sil2100> #topic Select a chair for the next meeting
[20:29] <sil2100> That would be amurray, with rbasak-mobile as backup
[20:29] <sil2100> If that'
[20:29] <vorlon> I'm very confused by that
[20:29] <sil2100> If that's fine
[20:30] <vorlon> the wiki page said it was supposed to be seb128 with me as backup
[20:30] <sil2100> Well, amurray is next after me, right?
[20:30] <vorlon> are we just jumping the pointer?
[20:30] <sil2100> I have volunteered today as I have not chaired for quite a long time
[20:30] <vorlon> I don't mind, it's just not historical practice :)
[20:31] <sil2100> #topic AOB
[20:31] <amurray> fwiw I think I am on leave during the next scheduled TB meeting so not sure if I will be able to make it at this time
[20:31] <sil2100> Ah, so maybe back to the scheduled chairs then? seb and vorlon as backup?
[20:32] <sil2100> If there are no objections, I'd propose that then
[20:32] <sil2100> Any other business?
[20:33] <vorlon> nothing else from me
[20:33] <amurray> nor from me
[20:34] <rbasak-mobile> Please don't wait on everyone to say no :-)
[20:35] <sil2100> ;)
[20:35] <sil2100> #endmeeting
[20:35] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 20:35:29 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-01-02-20.00.moin.txt
[20:35] <sil2100> Thank you everyone! Let me update the agenda etc.
[20:35] <amurray> thanks sil2100
[20:35] <sil2100> Oh, and happy new year o/
[20:36] <rbasak-mobile> Thank you!
[20:36] <amurray> indeed - HNY!
[20:36] <vorlon> happy new year, all
