=== JanC is now known as Guest9089
=== rkratky__ is now known as rkratky
[15:00] <zhsj> o/
[15:00] <ginggs> o/
[15:00] <mateus-morais> o/
[15:01] <mclemenceau> o/
[15:01] <zhsj> the channel topic seems wrong
[15:01] <ravikant_> o/
[15:01] <bdrung> \o
[15:01] <ogayot> o/
[15:01] <mkukri> o/
[15:02] <waveform> indeed, what happened to leaving swords at the door?
[15:02] <pushkarnk> o/
[15:02] <juliank> o/
[15:02] <juliank> lol
[15:02] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:02] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:02:36 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:02] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:02] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:02] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-08-08/
[15:03] <upils> o/
[15:04] <mateus-morais> seems like a meeting topic made its way to the channel topic lol
[15:05] <schopin> o/
[15:05] <juliank> Fixing topic shortly
[15:06] <bdmurray> bdrung: Where did you run your "archive query"?
=== juliank changed the topic of #ubuntu-meeting to: Ubuntu Meeting Grounds: Please leave swords by the door | Calendar/Scheduled meetings: http://fridge.ubuntu.com/calendars | Logs: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/MeetingLogs | Meetingology documentation: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:06] <bdrung> bdmurray, Code and resulting database can be found on https://github.com/bdrung/bdrung-scripts/tree/lp-2075337-find-affected
[15:07] <bdrung> bdmurray, the test is run in a schroot container
[15:07] <bdmurray> bdrung: but you ran it in your "office"?
[15:07] <bdmurray> I just wonder if there is a better spot closer to a mirror / the archive to do queries like that
[15:08] <bdrung> bdmurray, the package installation is where the most time is spent (not the dowloading the packages)
[15:09] <bdrung> bdmurray, "select avg(install_duration) from package_affected;" gives me 2.75078125768356 (seconds)
[15:09] <bdmurray> bdrung: okay
[15:10] <bdrung> it is running on my desktop with an apt-cache-ng in between + all writes on tmpfs overlays
[15:12] <juliank> alright moving on
[15:13] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:13] <juliank> >#link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:13] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:13] <juliank> Now I don't quite know why bpftrace is showing up as unknown
[15:13] <juliank> but
[15:13] <juliank> bug 2069953
[15:13] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2069953 in bpftrace (Ubuntu) "bpftrace: Debug symbols are stripped" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2069953
[15:13] <juliank> I filed it and forgot about it?
[15:15] <bdmurray> foundations-bugs is subscribed to the bpftrace package so it must be something with the reporting code
[15:15] <schopin> the ones filed by Adrien are probably ours too.
[15:16] <schopin> He tagged them.
[15:16] <juliank> So well yes libtracefs is also foundation-bugs
[15:16] <juliank> I guess the script did not pick up new subscribers since a while?
[15:17] <schopin> where does the code for the script live?
[15:17] <juliank> bdmurray: ^
[15:18] <bdmurray> https://code.launchpad.net/~arsenal-devel/arsenal/2.x
[15:18] <schopin> Oh wow. I would never have guessed that one :)
[15:18] <juliank> The others are bug 2062118 and bug 2062119
[15:18] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2062118 in libtracefs (Ubuntu) "autopkgtests fail on s390x (segfault)" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2062118
[15:18] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2062119 in libtracefs (Ubuntu) "autopkgtests fail on ppc64el" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2062119
[15:19] <juliank> I guess we can take them all but also Adrien is out this month
[15:19] <schopin> He tagged them back in April, I think we just never noticed until now?
[15:20] <juliank> Well yes
[15:20] <juliank> But I guess he could fix them in September too
[15:20] <ravikant_> these were followup from the MIR
[15:21] <schopin> Anyway, I say add them to the backlog and let adrien follow up on them :)
[15:21] <juliank> I'll todo all three
[15:22] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:22] <juliank> bug 2075968
[15:22] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2075968 in pam (Ubuntu Noble) "cannot login after upgrade from xubuntu 22.04 to 24.04" [Critical, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2075968
[15:23] <juliank> This sounds awkward but also not reproducible
[15:24] <juliank> It does seem _somehow_ the password was deleted for the user
[15:25] <enr0n> I can consistently reproduce this
[15:25] <schopin> is it through pam or passwd?
[15:26] <juliank> OK; then I guess can take this for further investigation
[15:26] <juliank> I guess we need to simply do a diff after the upgrade of a "broken vs after-passwd" and see what changed
[15:26] <enr0n> schopin: I think it's pam because it happens on graphical login, non-graphical, or attempting to use passwd to reset the password
[15:26] <juliank> And see if shadow file changed between upgrade
[15:27] <juliank> Sadly ugh this will fall on enr0n I guess
[15:27] <juliank> or we do "pair reproducing"
[15:27] <enr0n> I can try the "check if there is a diff" option.
[15:28] <enr0n> I don
[15:28] <juliank> bug 2075969
[15:28] <enr0n> I don't necessarily have time to try on a bunch of flavors. Help appreciated there
[15:28] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2075969 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "kinetic/lunar releases unable to do-release-upgrade to jammy" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2075969
[15:29] <juliank> This seems like a bunch of effort to get right vs requiring multiple upgrades on old-releases IMO
[15:29] <juliank> this should say "to noble"
[15:30] <juliank> We'd need to do like upgrade tests for full desktop installs too
[15:30] <bdmurray> Our intent for years has been this upgrade path to work.
[15:30] <bdmurray> i.e. from K to N
[15:31] <bdmurray> or e.g.
[15:31] <juliank> So we need to restore the files from interim releases, then merge in any changes needed from .jammy/.mantic
[15:31] <bdmurray> And AFAIK there no issue with the interim releases between B and F
[15:32] <juliank> We can fix this but that's for after the point release I'd say
[15:32] <juliank> So I am going to tag it todo, this can be done next  pulse
[15:33] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:33] <juliank> empty
[15:33] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:33] <juliank> empty
[15:33] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:34] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[15:34] <juliank> ooh
[15:35] <juliank> py-openssl is with adrien but he's out the entire month, we probably should reassign it?
[15:35] <ravikant_> it is with anderson123 now
[15:35] <juliank> Where is that tracked?
[15:36] <juliank> The JIRA still says Adrien
[15:36] <ravikant_> *andersson123
[15:36] <ravikant_> there is an MP from andersson123 linked to update-excuse bug
[15:36] <juliank> I see
[15:36] <juliank> Well I'll reassign the jira
[15:37] <juliank> rust-defaults vs rustc is with dv
[15:37] <juliank> * dviererbe
[15:38] <juliank> glibc blocking linux-meta with schopin
[15:38] <juliank> it seems usbmuxd is unassigned
[15:38] <juliank> Ah it waits for a dependency
[15:39] <juliank> OK but that one needs an mir, so let just assign it, it requires checking with desktop on the MIR process or whatnot
[15:39] <zhsj> patches for the regression packages for golang-defaults/1.23 are on the way, no need to assign currently.
[15:40] <juliank> usbmuxd depends on libimobiledevice: mwhudson - quick check with desktop perhaps what's up with libmobiledevice
[15:41] <juliank> initramfs-tools blocking iproute2: bdrung probably wants this, but I'd be happy to assign to paride too
[15:42] <bdrung> juliank, this should resolve itself. i just retrigged the tests against the fixed initramfs-tools/0.142ubuntu31
[15:42] <juliank> ok
[15:42] <paride> ack, thanks bdrung
[15:42] <juliank> nvme-cli ftbfs paride
[15:42] <juliank> libxs-parse-keyword-perl remains with waveform
[15:43] <juliank> adduser vs show remains with tobhe
[15:43] <tobhe> ack
[15:43] <juliank> It seems we did not assign shadow vs itself
[15:43] <tobhe> i was assuming that's also with me
[15:44] <juliank> ack
[15:44] <juliank> I'll update the jira ticket
[15:45] <juliank> apt blocking systemd: juliank
[15:45] <juliank> Weird apt test suite failures
[15:46] <juliank> openssh blocking systemd I'll leave with enr0n
[15:46] <juliank> s/leave with/assign to/ :)
[15:46] <enr0n> juliank: ack
[15:46] <juliank> boost1.83
[15:47] <juliank> I think doing a blanket assign there
[15:47] <schopin> tobhe: on the shadow thing ping me if you need a hand, I sponsored the merge
[15:47] <schopin> juliank: I can take boost
[15:47] <tobhe> ok, thx! The adduser fallout is pretty obvious
[15:48] <juliank> boost1.83: schopin
[15:48] <juliank> ok if you want too
[15:48] <juliank> it seems badpkg
[15:48] <juliank> xfsdump: liushuyu
[15:49] <juliank> libheif: andersson123
[15:49] <juliank> zlib: doko?
[15:50] <juliank> I mean he uploaded it
[15:50] <ginggs> juliank: andersson123 already has pyopenssl
[15:50] <juliank> cmake is with vpa1977
[15:50] <juliank> ginggs: yes we sorted that out a while ago
[15:51] <juliank> golang-defaults is in progress and zhsj doesn't want it assigned
[15:51] <ginggs> juliank: so he gets libheif as well?
[15:51] <juliank> ginggs: ah I see
[15:51] <juliank> libheif: chrisccoulson_
[15:51] <juliank> #topic AOB
[15:52] <ogayot> I'll be off tomorrow
[15:52] <enr0n> bdmurray, juliank: bug 2058648 is going back in the milestone after all
[15:52] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2058648 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Support upgrades from unmerged 22.04 - was: package libc6 2.35-0ubuntu3.6 [modified: usr/share/doc/libc6/NEWS.Debian.gz usr/share/doc/libc6/NEWS.gz usr/share/doc/libc6/README.hesiod.gz usr/share/doc/libc6/changelog.Debian.gz usr/share/lintian/overrides/libc6] failed to install/upgrade: new libc6:amd64 package pre-installation..." [Medium, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2058648
[15:52] <bdrung> i'll be on vacation next week
[15:53] <juliank> enr0n: +1
[15:53] <juliank> Ah good we're playing Rush now
[15:54] <juliank> I'll refill my water and brb
[15:54] <tobhe> I could use some help with https://code.launchpad.net/~tobhe/ubuntu-seeds/+git/ubuntu-seeds/+merge/470886 if any core dev has a few spare minutes ;)
[15:56] <juliank> Oh I don't know the differences that c paelzer pointed out so I'd want mwhudson to take a look at that
[15:57] <juliank> COVID update: It was like a solid black line on Tuesday on the self-test but it's barely visible now; all tests are same batch
[15:57] <tobhe> juliank: if you want an easier one I also have https://code.launchpad.net/~tobhe/ubuntu-seeds/+git/ubuntu-seeds/+merge/467849
[15:58] <juliank> tobhe: Does this need the other one, though?
[15:58] <tobhe> no
[15:58] <juliank> Did you already add a metapackage in another seed?
[15:58] <tobhe> no
[15:58] <juliank> So we can't merge that, because it will break stuff?
[15:59] <juliank> It says they should be pulled in by a meta package where needed, so that should be done some way
[15:59] <tobhe> I think we can. It won't remove anything on working installations right?
[15:59] <tobhe> it isn't enough to make the machine work anyway
[15:59] <juliank> the packages will become auto-removable
[16:00] <juliank> they will be removed on release ugprades
[16:00] <juliank> Anyway we can continue this on the merge
[16:00] <juliank> #endmeeting
[16:00] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 16:00:46 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-08-08-15.02.moin.txt
[16:01] <tobhe> then let's just wait for the other one first
