=== bdrung_ is now known as bdrung
[16:01] <juliank> o/
[16:02] <Skia> o7
[16:02] <mkukri> o/
[16:02] <slyon> o/
[16:02] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[16:02] <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:02:22 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[16:02] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[16:02] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[16:02] <juliank> We skip today
[16:03] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[16:03] <ravikant_> o/
[16:03] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-pp-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:03] <liushuyu> o/
[16:03] <juliank> bug 2083942
[16:03] <adrien> \o (half around only)
[16:03] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2083942 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "snaps are not upgraded to the latest version before upgrading to the next ubuntu release" [Wishlist, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2083942
[16:03] <uralt> o/
[16:03] <mkukri> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/bpftrace/+bug/2086104
[16:03] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2086104 in bpftrace (Ubuntu) "bpftrace is broken on Oracular" [Critical, New]
[16:04] <juliank> we are still talking about bug 2083942
[16:04] <juliank> :D
[16:04] <ravikant_> should we tag it todo?
[16:04] <juliank> enr0n: I think we should tag this todo
[16:05] <juliank> bug 2085070 seems for schopin
[16:05] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2085070 in needrestart (Ubuntu) "glusterd should not be automaticly restarted" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2085070
[16:05] <schopin> Well, anyone who wants to do an SRU can take it too :)
[16:06] <enr0n> schopin: yes ^
[16:06] <enr0n> who needs/wants to do an SRU?
[16:06] <schopin> But yes clearly it needs to be tagged.
[16:06] <juliank> schopin: Well yes I just want you to drive and judge whether that's correct
[16:07] <juliank> We do not ship a glusterd
[16:07] <ravikant_> andersson123 wants to do an STU
[16:07] <schopin> We don't? Oh well :P
[16:07] <ravikant_> SRU*
[16:07] <juliank> Ah ok glusterfs-server
[16:07] <r41k0u> enr0n I can take this up
[16:07] <juliank> apt search didn't pop anything up
[16:08] <andersson123> I can take one at another time  since Mate is volunteering :)
[16:08] <schopin> r41k0u spoke first (and in the correct place too)
[16:08] <juliank> Well ok then
[16:09] <juliank> bug 2085142
[16:09] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2085142 in ubuntu-keyring (Ubuntu) "/project/ubuntu-archive-keyring.gpg is outdated" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2085142
[16:09] <juliank> this isn't anything we can do I suppose
[16:10] <juliank> We can file a ticket with IS
[16:12] <juliank> I have filed a ticket with IS
[16:12] <schopin> Any volunteer to drive this?
[16:12] <juliank> If IS tells me it's not their task I can circle back
[16:13] <schopin> I guess Julian volunteered then :)
[16:13] <juliank> I'll keep it as incoming for a week
[16:13] <juliank> To force me to check next week
[16:13] <juliank> bug 2015538
[16:13] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2015538 in dbus-broker (Ubuntu) "[MIR] dbus-broker" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2015538
[16:13] <slyon> That one again..
[16:13] <juliank> Should we move this to qq now
[16:13] <slyon> we still need somebody to do the upstream gdm work
[16:14] <slyon> as long as that work doesn't get done, we can't move forward
[16:14] <slyon> maybe we should drop the tag until somebody (some team) picks up that work?
[16:15] <juliank> Just pushing it forward each cycle for consideration seems sensible to me
[16:15] <schopin> I fear that if we do nothing will ever happen.
[16:15] <schopin> (do drop the tag I mean)
[16:21] <juliank> liushuyu: the implementation is at https://github.com/bus1/dbus-broker/pull/321/files
[16:21] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Pull 321 in bus1/dbus-broker "session: implement dbus-broker-session" [Open]
[16:21] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:22] <juliank> bug 2085157
[16:22] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2085157 in initramfs-tools (Ubuntu) "mkinitramfs fails with copy_file binary '/libgcc_s.so.[1-9]' not found" [Critical, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2085157
[16:22] <bdrung> I already started working on it. So please tag it.
[16:23] <juliank> tagged
[16:23] <juliank> bug 2085548
[16:23] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2085548 in coreutils (Ubuntu) "[UBUNTU 24.10] bash printf of floating point value fails on Ubuntu 24.10" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2085548
[16:26] <liushuyu> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/bash/+bug/2083131
[16:26] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2083131 in bash (Ubuntu Plucky) "Bash's builtin command 'printf' has a grave functionality bug - fails to print the format like '%.2f .1'" [Critical, Confirmed]
[16:26] <juliank> I left a comment on the first bug
[16:27] <juliank> And I'll tag the second one as todo I guess
[16:28] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:28] <juliank> bug 2041518
[16:28] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2041518 in gtk+3.0 (Ubuntu) "/usr/share/apport/apport-gtk:5:_g_log_abort:g_log_writer_default:g_log_structured_array:g_log_structured_array:g_log_structured_standard" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2041518
[16:28] <juliank> that one was with desktop
[16:29] <juliank> bug 2085314
[16:29] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2085314 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd-netowrk segfault (question #819069)" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2085314
[16:29] <juliank> enr0n:
[16:29] <enr0n> looking
[16:29] <juliank> There's a fix upstream to cherry pick
[16:30] <juliank> Reproducer for SRU may be tricky
[16:30] <schopin> maybe valgrind would pick up the overflow?
[16:31] <juliank> Either way we can upload it and convince SRU team that we can't reproduce it but upstream says it fixes it or something?
[16:31] <enr0n> it looks like there is a somewhat reliable repro on the bug report. I will give it a shot and tag this for SRU if so
[16:31] <enr0n> something something micro release exceptions for systemd
[16:32] <juliank> heh
[16:32] <juliank> bug 2060676
[16:32] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2060676 in shadow (Ubuntu) "login: remove pam_lastlog.so from config" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2060676
[16:32] <schopin> does systemd *do* microreleases?
[16:32] <juliank> yes
[16:32] <slyon> yes
[16:32] <enr0n> schopin: yes
[16:32] <juliank> lol3
[16:32] <juliank> This sounds like a won't fix?
[16:33] <juliank> Oh well Debian has a fix
[16:33] <juliank> Last time I looked at it I couldn't figure out where it came from
[16:33] <juliank> let's do it I guess, this is weird auditing
[16:34] <juliank> bug 2078596
[16:34] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2078596 in command-not-found (Ubuntu) "Command not found offers awscli from universe, it's not there" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2078596
[16:34] <juliank> This is about broken command-not-found data
[16:35] <juliank> We have no straightforward way to fix it as the release pocket is frozen
[16:35] <schopin> re the shadow bug, it's fairly low priority, I'm not sure we'd want to risk an SRU just for this?
[16:35] <juliank> schopin: I'd rather fix it now before it comes back in from very annoyed customers via support
[16:36] <schopin> heh, at least they'd feel they get their money's worth?
[16:36] <juliank> These get to security-relevant logs and can flare up auditing things
[16:38] <andersson123> I can take !
[16:39] <andersson123> I volunteer ... Katniss style
[16:39] <juliank> andersson123: the command-not-found issue or the shadow thing?
[16:39] <andersson123> whichever is simplest :)
[16:39]  * schopin imagines andersson123 with a long braid.
[16:40] <juliank> command-not-found requires inventing a new mechanism in command-not-found to have fixups
[16:40] <juliank> and infrastructure changes
[16:40] <schopin> andersson123: shadow is simpler.
[16:40] <andersson123> Shadow then please (my fav hedgehog)
[16:41] <schopin> Yay delegation \o/
[16:42] <ravikant_> is this related? 2066199
[16:42] <ravikant_> bug 2066199
[16:42] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2066199 in awscli (Ubuntu) "release for noble" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2066199
[16:42] <juliank> This would fix that one instance for sure
[16:42] <juliank> But I think it's worth fixing the general case
[16:43] <juliank> We need to do a one-off hack to command-not-found in to ignore everything not actually published in noble
[16:43] <juliank> as we can't fix the noble data
[16:46] <juliank> bug 2078579
[16:46] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2078579 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Holding Back libpcap0.8t64:amd64 rather than change libibverbs1:amd64" [Undecided, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2078579
[16:48] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:48] <juliank> sorry I missed bug 2086506
[16:48] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2086506 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Upgrade to 24.10 deletes unmigrated apt sources" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2086506
[16:52] <juliank> I'll go look at my discussions about this a couple months ago and then I'll come back to this next week
[16:53] <juliank> bug 2085951
[16:53] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2085951 in update-notifier (Ubuntu) "/usr/lib/update-notifier/package-data-downloader:ModuleNotFoundError:/usr/lib/update-notifier/package-data-downloader@24" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2085951
[16:53] <juliank> update-notifier seems to miss a Depends: python3-debian
[16:53] <juliank> in jammy and below
[16:54] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:54] <juliank> empty
[16:54] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[16:54] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[16:55] <juliank> ginggs said this is too much in flux and we should do it next week after everything got retried
[16:55] <juliank> We are also running out of time anyway
[16:55] <juliank> #topic AOB
[16:55] <enr0n> if we are going to tag 2085951, should we also add an assignee?
[16:55] <enr0n> otherwise it's gonna get lost in the ether
[16:55] <ravikant_> juliank: can you triage this bug https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/libzstd/+bug/2086543
[16:55] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2086543 in libzstd (Ubuntu) "libzstd.a not built with -fPIC flag" [Undecided, New]
[16:55] <juliank> Ah yes, who wants to add a dependency?
[16:56] <juliank> mkukri wanted to do an SRU I think?
[16:57] <mkukri> took it
[16:59] <juliank> ravikant_: I think static libraries are not supposed to be built with fPIC so this is correct?
[16:59] <juliank> But it's a tool chain question
[16:59] <mkukri> at least -fPIE maybe? or otherwise you cannot link them into pies
[17:07] <juliank> #endmeeting
[17:07] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 17:07:16 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-11-07-16.02.moin.txt
[19:47] <Bashing-om> aryan20: Welcome -- the board is assembling.
[19:48] <aryan20> :D
[19:59] <Bashing-om> #nick
[20:04] <Bashing-om> aryan20: Still waiting to attain quorum - to conduct this meeting :(
[20:05] <aryan20> No issues, I'll wait
[20:06] <Bashing-om> aryan20: \o/
[20:33] <Bashing-om> aryan20: Failure on our part to reach quorum - day light savings time adjustment ? Do you want to wait for the 22:00 slot -- or choose the next meeting date ?
[20:36] <aryan20> No issues, can understand. 22 will be hard as that is going to be 3:30 A.M. xD. I'll get the wiki updated if another time gets suitable.
[20:39] <Bashing-om> aryan20: Thank you - Another time will be good - appreciate your understanding and I apologize for this inconvience.
[20:40] <aryan20> Stuff happens, not a problem. Cya later. Bye
