[16:01] <xypron> o/
[16:01] <ginggs> o/
[16:01] <ogayot> o/
[16:01] <zhsj> o/
[16:01] <slyon> o/
[16:01] <adrien> \o
[16:01] <enr0n> o/
[16:01] <mkukri> o/
[16:01] <ravikant_> o/
[16:02] <pushkarnk> o/
[16:02] <bdrung> \o
[16:03] <mclemenceau> o/
=== rkratky__ is now known as rkratky
[16:04] <bdrung> #startmeeting
[16:04] <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:04:54 UTC.  The chair is bdrung.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[16:04] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[16:05] <bdrung> #topic Lightning rounds
[16:05] <bdrung> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-04-january-2024/41394/2
[16:05] <bdmurray> bdrung: Are these bug patterns you've committed or are you using them locally?
[16:06] <bdrung> bdmurray, most of the news ones were just locally. I did not pushlish those bug pattern where I do not expect new reports in the future.
[16:06] <bdmurray> that makes sense to me
[16:07] <slyon> enr0n: new systemd changed the generator paths to move to /usr/lib, right?
[16:08] <danilogondolfo> yes, I've got into this problem hehe
[16:08] <slyon> I see netplan FTBFS in unstable and noble. But I guess that's actually a good thing, so we can move away from /lib
[16:08] <enr0n> slyon: yes I believe so
[16:09] <vorlon> Ubuntu has been "usr merged" for several cycles; as long as your files don't go missing on upgrade due to the /lib -> /usr/lib move, it's fine to use the new path
[16:09] <vorlon> there's discussion on debian-devel about some of the pitfalls, mostly to do with Replaces: between packages at the same time as paths change
[16:10] <slyon> ACK. I think for Netplan it's not too special. We've been shipping the generator in /lib/ for legacy reasons, but I think the move should be pretty simple
[16:12] <bdmurray> Skia: What happened upstream with klibc?
[16:13] <Skia> nothing yet, the MR I uploaded to noble is still not merged: https://salsa.debian.org/kernel-team/klibc/-/merge_requests/12
[16:13] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Merge 12 in kernel-team/klibc "d/i/h/klibc-utils: Fix compatibility issue with busybox and improve verbose debug output." [Opened]
[16:15] <bdmurray> Oh, debian modified coreutils ... got it
[16:15] <Skia> what happened instead is that Debian reverted upstream's behavior change in coreutils, so that cp and mv don't start breaking all the scripts of the world, and added a deprecation warning that upstream forgot
[16:16] <Skia> but I also red that they still need to fix broken cp/mv usage in packages, and that should include klibc
[16:16] <adrien> the change in coreutils is not new anymore by now though
[16:17] <Skia> according to the discussions upstream, it's not new, but it's not widely shipped by distributions either, so in a sense, it's quite new
[16:17] <bdrung> enough time to read the reports. moving on.
[16:18] <bdrung> #topic Release incoming bugs
[16:18] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:18] <bdrung> bug #1969394
[16:18] <adrien> yeah, it's new for us because 9.2 and 9.3 had not been shipped in debian and ubuntu
[16:18] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1969394 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "'Settings & Livepatch' button opens 'settings' tab, not livepatch" [Low, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1969394
[16:18] <Skia> correct
[16:19] <bdrung> that update-manager bug is about UI changes and therefore belongs to the desktop team
[16:20] <bdrung> bug #2017401
[16:20] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2017401 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu Jammy) "Unexpected / unwanted unattended-upgrades behaviour after kernel upgrade when Livepatch enabled" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2017401
[16:24] <vorlon> that one should be taken for noble, but there's no action for Foundations at the moment because there's a dependency on changes to livepatch to expose the necessary information about whether a reboot is required
[16:26] <vorlon> I think we should go ahead and target this
[16:27] <bdrung> okay, i'll tag it.
[16:28] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:29] <bdrung> bug #2041518 is for the desktop team
[16:29] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2041518 in gtk+3.0 (Ubuntu) "/usr/share/apport/apport-gtk:5:_g_log_abort:g_log_writer_default:g_log_structured_array:g_log_structured_array:g_log_structured_standard" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2041518
[16:29] <bdrung> bug #2041831
[16:29] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2041831 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "/usr/bin/update-manager:11:g_type_check_instance_is_fundamentally_a:g_object_ref:gdk_event_copy:pygi_boxed_copy_in_place:arg_boxed_to_py_cleanup" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2041831
[16:32] <vorlon> I'll ask the Desktop Team to investigate
[16:32] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ll-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:32] <bdrung> nothing for us
[16:32] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:33] <bdrung> nothing for us
[16:33] <bdrung> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:34] <bdrung> nothing marked for us, but 12 unknown
[16:34] <bdrung> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[16:34] <bdrung> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[16:35] <bdrung> handing over to vorlon
[16:35] <vorlon> per ginggs we can ignore the python3-defaults stuff, he and doko are working through that
[16:35] <vorlon> apt aiui is with juliank
[16:35] <vorlon> libcgi-pm-perl blocked for a little bit
[16:36] <bdrung> i like to take pycryptodome which would be a follow up on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/pycryptodome/+bug/2039968
[16:36] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2039968 in pycryptodome (Debian) "pycryptodome: Baseline violation on i386 and test FTBFS on !x86" [Unknown, Confirmed]
[16:37] <vorlon> sounds like libcgi-pm-perl was with cpete, and needs some autopkgtests triggered cleverly
[16:37] <vorlon> cpete: can you follow up with this? if there are questions about how to get the tests properly run, feel free to ask (me, #ubuntu-release, someone)
[16:37] <cpete> ack
[16:38] <vorlon> python-secretstorage, IRC logs say cpete was touching this one as well?
[16:38] <vorlon> at least the vorta autopkgtest part
[16:40] <vorlon> let's pass that one to adrien
[16:40] <vorlon> python-secretstorage: adrien
[16:40] <vorlon> there's also an MIR issue in there too fwiw
[16:40] <vorlon> Component mismatch entries
[16:40] <vorlon> python3-secretstorage/amd64 in main cannot depend on python3-jeepney in universe
[16:40] <vorlon> s390-tools, let's see if this is waiting for an AA
[16:40] <vorlon> it is
[16:40] <slyon> hmm.. jeepney rings a bell
[16:41] <vorlon> I'll take that (s390-tools + s390-tools-signed)
[16:41] <slyon> (but I can't find context, currently)
[16:41] <vorlon> boost1.74
[16:41] <slyon> It might have been a MIR candidate in the past.
[16:41] <vorlon> "only" stuck for 16 days, so we haven't looked at this yet :)
[16:42] <vorlon> doko uploaded it but it was a no-change rebuild
[16:42] <vorlon> bdrung: can you take this?
[16:42] <vorlon> brltty blocks on liblouis, which is desktop's
[16:43] <bdrung> i would prefer to follow up on pycryptodome (to help the python migration)
[16:43] <vorlon> dpkg was my upload, but the sbuild autopkgtest behavior is knotty
[16:43] <vorlon> dbungert: can you have a look at dpkg vs sbuild?
[16:43] <dbungert> vorlon: ack
[16:43] <vorlon> libtirpc vs glibc: danilogondolfo ?
[16:43] <danilogondolfo> vorlon, ack
[16:44] <vorlon> socat: xypron?
[16:44] <xypron> ok
[16:44] <vorlon> python-werkzeug: slyon?
[16:44] <slyon> ok
[16:44] <vorlon> python-apt, I'm assuming juliank is on this one also
[16:45] <vorlon> cmake: mkukri?
[16:45] <mkukri> ack
[16:45] <vorlon> debconf: enr0n?
[16:45] <enr0n> vorlon: ack
[16:45] <vorlon> I'll take acl
[16:45] <vorlon> netplan.io vs wpa: ogayot?
[16:45] <ogayot> vorlon: ack
[16:46] <slyon> ^ probably just flaky
[16:46] <vorlon> fwiw if someone figures out the glibc stuff on debconf or libtirpc, maybe it also applies to binutils
[16:46] <vorlon> not going to assign binutils at the moment though
[16:46] <vorlon> btrfs-progs is i386 dep-wait, I'll take that
[16:46] <vorlon> and that's the list
[16:46] <vorlon> bdrung:
[16:47] <bdrung> i looked at boost1.74. the fist test failure is a dependency issue and i probably just have to retry the test.
[16:47] <bdrung> #topic AOB
[16:49] <tsimonq2> https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=1059941 (FYI, part of a great discussion yesterday, ducking back out :) )
[16:49] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Debian bug 1059941 in debhelper "dh_makeshlibs: time_t automatic provides are wrong for libs with previous ABI transition" [Normal, Open]
[16:54] <bdrung> Speak now or forever hold your peace
[16:55] <bdrung> #endmeeting
[16:55] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 16:55:03 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-01-04-16.04.moin.txt
[16:55]  * arraybolt3 holds my piece of pizza for the rest of forever I guess
[16:55] <arraybolt3> typing's gonna be tricky with only one hand though
[16:56]  * Eickmeyer takes arraybolt3's piece of pizza and eats it
