=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== JanC is now known as Guest1755
=== JanC_ is now known as JanC
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== rkratky__ is now known as rkratky
[16:01] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[16:01] <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:01:26 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[16:01] <adrien> \o
[16:01] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[16:01] <mkukri> o/
[16:01] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[16:01] <ginggs> o/
[16:01] <pushkarnk> o/
[16:01] <ogayot> o/
[16:01] <mateus-morais> o/
[16:01] <upils> o/
[16:01] <Skia> o/
[16:01] <slyon> o/
[16:02] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-02-15/
[16:02] <dviererbe> o/
[16:02] <bdrung> \o
[16:03]  * vorlon waves
[16:04] <ravikant_> o/
[16:04]  * schopin scrambles to write a couple of sentences for his status.
[16:05] <slyon> adrien: you need this: https://salsa.debian.org/ci-team/autopkgtest/-/merge_requests/287 (I built a .deb out of this locally, which fixes my autopkgtest env)
[16:05] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Merge 287 in ci-team/autopkgtest "add support for deb822 sources" [Opened]
[16:05] <xypron> \o
[16:06] <slyon> adrien: oh wait... this is not about sbuild, just plain autopkgtest-virt-lxd
[16:07] <adrien> yeah, it's an uncommon setup; and it's kind of complicated: sbuild tries to run schroot inside an ephemeral lxd and there's obviously no schroot set up and I don't know if I'm missing something or if it's broken
[16:12] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[16:12] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:13] <juliank> bug 1874272
[16:13] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1874272 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu Focal) "Stage 'searching for obsolete software' takes a very long time (30 minutes)" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1874272
[16:13] <juliank> I have a solution outlined and we should take it
[16:14] <juliank> bug 2049686 is fixed no?
[16:14] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2049686 in dpkg (Ubuntu) "dpkg-buildflags: emit build flags for negated features" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2049686
[16:15] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:15] <juliank> (mm was nothing new)
[16:16] <juliank> bug 2053174
[16:16] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2053174 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "update-manager crashed with FileNotFoundError in _execute_child(): [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'lsb_release'" [Medium, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2053174
[16:16] <schopin> do we support installs without lsb-release?
[16:17] <juliank> this is for jammy
[16:17] <juliank> and it should depend on lsb-release
[16:18] <bdmurray> Yes, but we should just back port bdrung's patch.
[16:18] <vorlon> note that adding dependencies in an SRU has a higher bar of scrutiny
[16:19] <vorlon> vs switching to /etc/os-release which we know we can rely on in jammy
[16:19] <bdmurray> I think it does depend on lsb-relese
[16:19] <vorlon> ok
[16:19] <juliank> we agreed to backport, I tagged it
[16:20] <juliank> And ff is empty
[16:20] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[16:21] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[16:21] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[16:21] <vorlon> top of list is update-motd which I am annoyed to see there and I have just uploaded the fix
[16:23] <bdrung> apport should resolve itself by today's upload of 2.27.0-0ubuntu7
[16:23] <vorlon> pyyaml vs crmsh: sounds like crmsh is in hand with Skia from last week, please follow through
[16:23] <Skia> sure
[16:23] <vorlon> iso-codes vs pycountry was also with Skia ; I think bdmurray had pinged me with a request for input and I had to punt
[16:24] <schopin> apport vs py3.12 has been presumably been fixed in -proposed
[16:24] <vorlon> do we need to have someone else look at this besides / in addition to Skia?
[16:24] <bdmurray> I've asked Skia if it is worth keeping the new iso-codes given pycountry breakage.
[16:24] <Skia> I'm sure it's needed, I'm following the work on this with the help of bdmurray
[16:25] <bdmurray> Skia: which it is needed?
[16:25] <vorlon> schopin: you have ansible* marked as 'done' from last week but autopkgtest regressions still show; please retrigger?
[16:25] <vorlon> or reopen / fix better :)
[16:25] <Skia> bdmurray: to have someone else look at this? did I misunderstood something?
[16:26] <schopin> vorlon: I split the card in two (investigation vs implementation) as requested by Ravi (or Samir?) as the implementation is substantial.
[16:26] <vorlon> I don't see mention of python3-defaults vs booth being assigned previously. bdmurray: let's give this to Tim
[16:26] <vorlon> schopin: so do you have the "implementation" card assigned to you and in this pulse?
[16:27] <vorlon> you do
[16:27] <vorlon> sorry for missing it
[16:27] <schopin> No worries.
[16:27] <Skia> vorlon: I think the preliminary investigation pointed that to also being the fault of crmsh, but that would require confirmation
[16:27] <vorlon> Skia: "that"?
[16:27] <bdmurray> Skia: I just prefer precision as opposed to it and its that are misinterpretable.
[16:27] <Skia> vorlon: booth vs python3-defaults
[16:28] <vorlon> Skia: ok well I think it should still be investigated in parallel given the time constraints
[16:28] <Skia> sure
[16:28] <vorlon> python3 vs dolfin/dolfinx-mpc I understand is with ginggs
[16:28] <vorlon> + fenics-dolfinx
[16:28] <vorlon> and possibly the Miami Dolphins
[16:29] <vorlon> and the French dauphin
[16:29] <vorlon> gpiozero is with WaVeR
[16:29] <vorlon> no
[16:29] <vorlon> gpiozero is with waveform
[16:29] <vorlon> I'm gonna try to go fast here to get to the new stuff so please yell if any of these need to be handed off otherwise I'm assuming the current assignments are good and on track for resolution by next Thu
[16:30] <vorlon> which NEEDS TO HAPPEN so we can get the python3 transition through and make room for other stuff before DebianImportFreeze
[16:30] <vorlon> jupyter-notebook is dbungert
[16:30] <ginggs> i believe gpiozero is fixed
[16:30] <dbungert> correct, I expect that done today
[16:30] <waveform> gpiozero should be fixed by the 2.0.1 upload this morning, so I'm free for another
[16:30] <pushkarnk> I have looked at python-werkzeug vs onionshare before
[16:30]  * juliank prefers to chase down all his gnupg 2.4 regressions fwiw
[16:30] <vorlon> python3-defaults vs lamassemble is not listed as currently assigned; adrien please take?
[16:31] <vorlon> libapache2-mod-python is with dviererbe
[16:31] <vorlon> meson is with mkukri
[16:31] <vorlon> passenger is with mateus-morais
[16:32] <vorlon> pyflakes is not previously assigned; bdrung please
[16:32] <bdrung> ack
[16:32] <vorlon> pygrib is not previously assigned; bdmurray please
[16:32] <bdmurray> blah
[16:33] <vorlon> python-ansible-compat - schopin do you know offhand if this is related to the other ansible stuff and should be included
[16:33] <bdmurray> I think I added it to big_packages with no success
[16:33] <schopin> vorlon: dunno but sounds likely.
[16:33] <vorlon> python-ansible-compat: schopin but if it's unrelated please feel free to raise a flag to get it broken out to someone ele
[16:33] <vorlon> +s
[16:34] <adrien> I like that proposed migrations leads one to discover new packages (very often scientific ones surprisingly :) )
[16:34] <vorlon> python-django-debug-toolbar assigned to rkratky
[16:34] <vorlon> also python-django-extensions
[16:34] <vorlon> python-mitogen assigned to enr0n_
[16:35] <vorlon> all, please commit time as soon as possible to get these fixed so the release team doesn't have to chase them over the next week to get python3-defaults migrated
[16:35] <vorlon> python-oauth2client is with ogayot
[16:35] <vorlon> python-hug is "waiting" for an i386 autopkgtest, I'll look at that
[16:36] <vorlon> coreutils: this was a security team upload now stalled. cpete please?
[16:36] <cpete> ack
[16:36] <vorlon> glib2.0 is entwined w/ python3-defaults indirectly via gobject-introspection
[16:37] <vorlon> dpkg: xypron please
[16:37] <xypron> ok
[16:37] <vorlon> glibc: schopin do you have this, do you need any release team support?
[16:38] <schopin> I have this, I'll ask for hinting as all actual regressions are already carded and scheduled for investigation post FF (too much to land beforehand)
[16:39] <vorlon> "waiting" for feature-check> this has gone awol and doesn't even show on update_excuses.html, I'll retrigger
[16:40] <vorlon> llvm-toolchain-14 vs pygments: juliank please
[16:40] <vorlon> juliank: make that pygments as a whole please
[16:41] <vorlon> there's also llvm-toolchain-14 vs protobuf: slyon ?
[16:41] <slyon> ok
[16:41] <vorlon> have just retriggered missing tests for dh-cargo; ginggs please give that to me explicitly for follow-up
[16:41] <ginggs> vorlon: ack
[16:41] <vorlon> tzdata: upils?
[16:41] <bdrung> i'll take tzdata
[16:42] <vorlon> ok
[16:42] <upils> oh ok
[16:42] <bdrung> tzdata just needs some tests retriggered
[16:42] <vorlon> pushkarnk: do you want to *continue* looking at python-werkzeug vs onionshare or do you want someone else to take this?
[16:42] <pushkarnk> I can continue
[16:42] <vorlon> ok
[16:42] <vorlon> and that's the list
[16:42] <vorlon> thanks
[16:43] <vorlon> juliank:
[16:44] <bdrung> vorlon, apport 2.27.0-0ubuntu7 is in the new queue (for the new binary package (for systemd-coredump support)). can you have a look?
[16:44] <vorlon> bdrung: ack will look
[16:44] <juliank> #topic AOB
[16:44] <bdmurray> Monday is a US holiday
[16:44] <vorlon> ginggs: btw adios2 is also blocked by fenics-dolfinx and blocks python3-defaults
[16:45] <ginggs> vorlon: ack
[16:45] <vorlon> ginggs: also slepc4py :)
[16:46] <vorlon> and the last thing I can see right now from update_excuses that's not assigned wrt python3-defaults is unity ftbfs on armhf
[16:46] <vorlon> ah due to a builder going away
[16:46] <vorlon> so retriggered
[16:47] <juliank> #endmeeting
[16:47] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 16:47:38 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-02-15-16.01.moin.txt
[16:48] <ginggs> vorlon: i think unity is due to nux FTBFS https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nux/4.0.8+18.10.20180623-0ubuntu5
[16:49] <vorlon> ginggs: unity ftbfs without a build log, I've simply retried it
