=== dviererbe1 is now known as dviererbe
[19:00] <bdrung> \o
[19:00] <cpete> o/
[19:00] <rbasak> o/
[19:00] <mruffell> o/
[19:06] <rbasak> Who's chairing?
[19:07] <bdrung> the agenda says utkarsh2102
[19:09] <rbasak> #startmeeting Developer Membership Board
[19:09] <meetingology> Meeting started at 19:09:00 UTC.  The chair is rbasak.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[19:09] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[19:09] <rbasak> #topic Review of previous action items
[19:09] <rbasak> teward follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)
[19:09] <rbasak> teward isn't here so we'll carry over
[19:09] <rbasak> #action teward to follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)
[19:09] <meetingology> ACTION: teward to follow up to get all application process wiki/docs to explain the process to be able to edit wiki pages, for applicants who don't yet have wiki edit access (carried over)
[19:09] <rbasak> rbasak to start a ML thread to find consensus on whether to allow PPU applications for "core" packages (done)
[19:10] <rbasak> This is done and is awaiting input from others
[19:10] <rbasak> #topic SRU Developer Applications
[19:10] <rbasak> #subtopic     SRU Developer application by Matthew Ruffell at DMB meeting 2024-09-30 (due to APAC NZST timezone).
[19:10] <rbasak> mruffell: o/
[19:10] <mruffell> hello everyone
[19:10] <teward> rbasak: bug me when we get to AOB
[19:11] <teward> (my availability is only as long as my Verizon connection doesn't dip out, looks like they're having cellular issues and i'm travelling today)
[19:12] <rbasak> Questions for mruffell?
[19:12] <teward> rbasak: link to their appliclation since wiki and agenda are slow as sin today?
[19:12] <teward> application*
[19:12] <mruffell> https://wiki.ubuntu.com/mruffell/SRUDeveloperApplication
[19:12] <rbasak> Thanks
[19:12] <rbasak> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/mruffell/SRUDeveloperApplication
[19:15]  * teward staring at the application wondering what APAC is, and then realizes he's just undercaffeinated and that this is representation for the Asia/Pacific region
[19:18] <rbasak> mruffell: do you have / remember any recent examples of turning someone else's contribution into an SRU ready to upload? This isn't a hard requirement but would be nice to see if you do.
[19:19] <rbasak> Meanwhile, bug 2059197 is a nice example of dealing with a regression - thank you!
[19:19] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2059197 in nfs-utils (Ubuntu Focal) "mount.nfs: Fix minor version parsing when '-t nfs4' and '-o vers=4.x' are used together" [Medium, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2059197
[19:20] <mruffell> I believe I have tidied up someones patches for SRU, but it is at most once or twice.... I'm trying to figure out what one it was...
[19:20] <mruffell> but I normally delete superseeded patches from the LP bug to tidy it up to not confuse my sponsors, so finding them is hard
[19:20] <rbasak> OK don't worry
[19:21] <mruffell> and yeah, I do try my best to talk to community users and correct any regressions as fast as possible
[19:21] <rbasak> We don't get many SRU developer applications. I don't have a set of standard questions ready to ask!
[19:22] <bdrung> to avoid needing to clean-up the bug report, you could name the patches $name_v1.patch, $name_v2.patch and so on. then it's clear what is the latest one.
[19:22] <rbasak> From your application and endorsements I agree with ddstreet that you have been ready for a while, and you're well past the line in terms of volume and quality of work.
[19:22] <mruffell> but sometimes v1 is fine for focal, but jammy gets superseeded with a security upload, so jammy has a v2... but then they ask, where's focal v2?
[19:23] <mruffell> So I just try keep everything in lockstep to not be confusing
[19:23] <rbasak> I can't see anything in your recent SRU history that I might want to expand upon by asking questions, so I think I have no questions to ask.
[19:23] <rbasak> Does anyone else have questions or should we move on to vote?
[19:23] <bdrung> it's hard to come up with questions since your work would answer a lot of them (like regression handling, etc)
[19:24] <rbasak> I'm not sure a vote can be quorate today but we can make some progress towards that at least.
[19:24] <rbasak> mruffell: not really for your application, but I'd appreciate feedback on the new docs and how you've found them!
[19:24] <mruffell> I have read them! https://canonical-sru-docs.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/
[19:24] <rbasak> If there are no objections I'll start voting now then.
[19:25] <rbasak> #vote Grant mruffell SRU Developer membership
[19:25] <meetingology> Please vote on: Grant mruffell SRU Developer membership
[19:25] <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')
[19:25] <rbasak> +1 comments as above. Thank you for your excellent work!
[19:25] <meetingology> +1 comments as above. Thank you for your excellent work! received from rbasak
[19:25] <bdrung> +1
[19:25] <meetingology> +1 received from bdrung
[19:25] <teward> +1
[19:25] <meetingology> +1 received from teward
[19:26] <rbasak> bdmurray: around?
[19:26] <rbasak> (since I saw you enquiring earlier)
[19:26] <rbasak> Anyone else?
[19:27] <rbasak> #endvote
[19:27] <meetingology> Voting ended on: Grant mruffell SRU Developer membership
[19:27] <meetingology> Votes for: 3, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0
[19:27] <meetingology> Motion carried
[19:27] <rbasak> Sorry we need at least another vote
[19:27] <rbasak> I'll ask on the ML
[19:27] <mruffell> great, thanks
[19:28] <rbasak> Please also schedule another meeting date, in case we need it to chase for a final vote. There are reduced quorum rules for a second meeting if it becomes necessary
[19:28] <bdrung> rbasak, one comment on https://canonical-sru-docs.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/ - it would be nice to have a one-page version of it (to make searching in it easier)
[19:29] <rbasak> bdrung: is https://canonical-sru-docs.readthedocs-hosted.com/_/downloads/en/latest/pdf/ enough?
[19:30] <bdrung> that'll do it as well
[19:30] <rbasak> #topic Ubuntu Core Developer Applications
[19:30] <rbasak> #subtopic Ubuntu Core Developer application by Chris Peterson at DMB meeting 2024-11-25 (I will also join the 2024-09-30 meeting in case there is extra time, pending confirmation if this is ok.)
[19:30] <cpete> Hey there o/
[19:30] <rbasak> cpete: we can see how far we get in the next half hour
[19:31] <rbasak> cpete: but as above a vote today won't be quorate, so you may have to reschedule anyway. Do you want to continue regardless?
[19:31] <cpete> Yeah let's do it please
[19:32] <rbasak> #link https://wiki.ubuntu.com/cpete/CoreDev
[19:33] <rbasak> Questions for cpete?
[19:34] <cpete> I suppose I'll introduce myself too. Hi, name is Chris Peterson and I work for Canonical on the Foundations team. I primarily work on Subiquity and other installer related areas. Although as part of my Founations responsibilities I may work in other areas as well.
[19:34] <utkarsh2102> (also, hi!!!)
[19:35] <rbasak> Sorry I was preoccupied reading your application. I hadn't realised there was a second one until just earlier. Hello :)
[19:38] <rbasak> cpete: OK I'll start then I guess. If you were considering uploading a new upstream version of a package today, for Oracular, what would you need to check before upload?
[19:40] <cpete> There are various freezes to be aware of, such as featurefreeze, betafreeze etc. For Oracular, you can find the effective dates here: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/oracular-oriole-release-schedule/36460
[19:41] <utkarsh2102> cpete: did you get my question?
[19:41] <cpete> Currently, we are past FeatureFreeze so I wouldn't be considering a new upstream release unless it only contained critical bug fixes necessary for the final release.
[19:41] <rbasak> OK. How does feature freeze apply if the new upstream version is a "microrelease" (eg. 1.2.3 -> 1.2.4)?
[19:41] <utkarsh2102> sorry, my client disconnected
[19:42] <cpete> utkarsh2102 no sorry
[19:42] <utkarsh2102> q: what if you have package version 1.2.3 in ALL the current stable releases and the current DEVEL release. you're exactly where you are in the cycle as of today. you have notified of a grave bug and you have a patch ready. what versions will you upload and what should you take care before uploading?
[19:42] <utkarsh2102> tell me the versions and the precautions for ALL the stable releases and the devel release
[19:42] <utkarsh2102> answer once you've answered the current question
[19:43] <cpete> rbasak: version strings aren't the most reliable way to tell what's changed. It's a good indicator, but you'd have to look at the real source changes to be sure if it's a bug fix or not.
[19:43] <rbasak> cpete: OK, thanks.
[19:44] <utkarsh2102> rbasak: is it possible for you to paste the scrollback for today's meeting, please?
[19:44] <utkarsh2102> https://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2024/09/30/%23ubuntu-meeting.html will take time to sync
[19:45] <rbasak> utkarsh2102: https://pastebin.ubuntu.com/p/7pttVVttM5/
[19:47] <utkarsh2102> thank you!
[19:47] <utkarsh2102> cpete: ??
[19:47] <cpete> utkarsh2102:  The new version would be 1.2.3-0ubuntu1. I would be first uploading to devel, and I would need to then prepare SRUs for applying the patch to previous versions. SRU version strings can be hard, I'd need a second to double check the guidance on that. I imagine in this case 1.2.3-0ubuntu1 would be fine, but all of my SRUs have already had the version numbers handy :)
[19:48] <cpete> utkarsh2102:  taking "grave" to mean critical but maybe not a security bug
[19:48] <utkarsh2102> yes, a regular bug
[19:49] <utkarsh2102> cpete: will you directly upload to devel? no precautions?
[19:49] <utkarsh2102> cpete: so 1.2.3-0ubuntu1 will work for what all releases, please name them?
[19:50] <cpete> utkarsh2102: ah certainly not. I would first build and test the new version locally and make sure autopkgtests pass. (I have done this so far with the majority of my uploads with PPA builds to demonstrate this to my sponsors)
[19:53] <cpete> utkarsh2102: Well it will certainly work for devel. The SRU version string is important that's greater than any version in any of that releases pockets e.g. jammy jammy-updates, jammy-security. Since you say that's the version in all releases that should be fine as well. But we'd have to check each release
[19:54] <cpete> jammy-release jammy-updats jammy-security
[19:55] <utkarsh2102> cpete: I had added "you're exactly where you are in the cycle as of today." - which applies to devel. what do you think you should do more, if anything?
[19:55] <utkarsh2102> cpete: 1.2.3 is the highest version in noble, jammy, focal
[19:55] <utkarsh2102> i don't think you really have to go through each pocket of the release to check :)
[19:56] <rbasak> We're nearly out of time
[19:56] <cpete> Ah well I would probably contact a release team member and make them aware of the bug.
[19:56] <utkarsh2102> cpete: "The SRU version string is important that's greater than any version in any of that releases pockets" why?
[19:57] <utkarsh2102> rbasak: I can vote on mruffell's application now and make it quorate, right?
[19:57] <rbasak> utkarsh2102: yes
[19:57] <rbasak> (if you vote +1)
[19:57] <rbasak> A -1 wouldn't be quorate
[19:57] <utkarsh2102> ok, +1 for mruffell!!!
[19:57] <rbasak> Congrats mruffell :)
[19:57] <utkarsh2102> yay!
[19:57] <mruffell> Thanks! I'm very happy
[19:57] <bdrung> congrats!
[19:58] <rbasak> I had further questions too, so I think we'll need to postpone. Sorry cpete
[19:58] <mruffell> I can finally retry autopkgtests now without bothering m-f-o or h-a-l-v-e-s =p
[19:58] <cpete> utkarsh2102: so they get the new version of the package when updating it
[19:58] <cpete> rbasak: no worries, thanks for the time everyone
[19:58] <utkarsh2102> right, so what about f -> j upgrades?
[19:58] <rbasak> If anybody would like to continue, feel free and I'll check the logs later
[19:58] <utkarsh2102> and j - n ?
[19:58] <rbasak> I think that might be utkarsh2102 volunteering :)
[19:58] <rbasak> #chair utkarsh2102
[19:59] <meetingology> Current chairs: rbasak, utkarsh2102
[19:59] <utkarsh2102> rbasak: i don't think we should half half applications
[19:59] <utkarsh2102> that is so sub-optimal
[19:59] <utkarsh2102> #chair bdrung
[19:59] <rbasak> utkarsh2102: fair. Do you want to continue with this line of questions then?
[19:59] <utkarsh2102> also
[19:59] <meetingology> Current chairs: bdrung, rbasak, utkarsh2102
[19:59] <utkarsh2102> rbasak: yes, I can. bdrung, are you around for a bit more?
[20:00] <bdrung> yes
[20:00] <utkarsh2102> are you okay to continue then?
[20:00] <bdrung> yes
[20:00] <utkarsh2102> perf!
[20:00] <rbasak> utkarsh2102: afterwards, please switch to an AOB topic and assign the two necessary actions for mruffell's application, to keep the automatic minutes straight
[20:00] <rbasak> o/
[20:00] <mfo> congrats, mruffell! o/ (3-min delayed)
[20:00] <utkarsh2102> rbasak: will do, thanks! o/
[20:01] <utkarsh2102> cpete: waiting on you to answer my question currently
[20:01] <teward> *waves*
[20:01]  * bdrung grabs some snacks to be able to continue
[20:01] <teward> i'm still here but my internet's fuzzy because Verizon is having some internet problems right now on cell service
[20:01] <utkarsh2102> great, thanks teward
[20:01] <teward> #chair teward
[20:01] <meetingology> Current chairs: bdrung, rbasak, teward, utkarsh2102
[20:01] <cpete> utkarsh2102: Ah right, we don't want users to upgrade and regress. This is why it's important to SRU to each release, and each version string is usually release specific
[20:02] <teward> *knows too much about meetingology*
[20:02] <utkarsh2102> lmao
[20:02] <utkarsh2102> cpete: okay, soooo?
[20:02] <utkarsh2102> wdym by "upgrade and regress"?
[20:04] <cpete> utkarsh2102: So if 1.2.3 is the highest version in each release, then 1.2.3-0ubuntu1 is probably fine for each version you would just need to SRU it back to each. By "upgrade and regress" we don't want users to upgrade to a newer version of ubuntu and reintroduce bugs. This is why we make sure to land patches in devel before SRUing them.
[20:04] <utkarsh2102> got it
[20:05] <mruffell> cpete: have you done an SRU before?
[20:05] <utkarsh2102> last question around this: when you update to 1.2.3-0ubuntu1 to focal, jammy, and noble. does this cause any problem?
[20:05] <cpete> mruffell: I have done 3 yes. Here is one example for livecd-rootfs https://bugs.launchpad.net/subiquity/+bug/1974483
[20:05] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 1974483 in subiquity "autoinstall ssh:install-server:false is misleading in 22.04" [High, Fix Released]
[20:07] <cpete> utkarsh2102: I'm not sure I understand the question
[20:08] <utkarsh2102> cpete: per your last answer above - you said "1.2.3-0ubuntu1 is probably fine for each version [...]"
[20:08] <utkarsh2102> so when you've done that
[20:09] <utkarsh2102> and let's say focal, jammy, noble is at "1.2.3-0ubuntu1" - does  everything work fine? and can we call the bug closed? or is there something we should still do? or?
[20:11] <cpete> utkarsh2102: we could only close the bug after SRU verification. It will then phase from -proposed to -updates and as long as no errors are reported it will fully phase and we could call it done. If that's what you're getting at.
[20:12] <utkarsh2102> ok, i'll move on, thank you :)
[20:12] <utkarsh2102> cpete: I was trying to get at the upgrade story from focal -> jammy; jammy -> noble.
[20:13] <utkarsh2102> cpete: q: what happens when you upload a package to the devel release. where does it go? is there any other step you need to take care as an uploader?
[20:15] <cpete> utkarsh2102: It will land in -proposed and await migration until the package's and its rev-dpes autopkgtests pass. The uploader is responsible for seeing the package migrate into -release. This is setting aside times from freezes, say beta freeze, where the upload may require additional approval in the queue before landing into -proposed.
[20:16] <utkarsh2102> mruffell: hey, btw, i've added you to the right ACL and announced your application already!!! o/
[20:16] <utkarsh2102> cpete: thanks, what if all autopkgtests pass and yet the package doesn't migrate?
[20:16] <mruffell> utkarsh2102: thanks, I got the ACL email and the announcement =)
[20:17] <bdrung> cpete, Imagine a user detects a bug in droopy in jammy and provides a patch. You want to sponsor the fix. What would you upload (version numbers and releases)?
[20:18] <cpete> utkarsh2102: there may be other reasons for the package not migrating. update_excuses output is helpful here
[20:18] <utkarsh2102> cpete: suppose there's nothing in update_excuses, all autopkgtests pass, yet the package doesn't migrate
[20:18] <utkarsh2102> what next?
[20:21] <cpete> utkarsh2102: hmmm reasons for this scenario don't immediately come to mind. (is there a block-proposed tag for devel series?) I would probably head over to ubuntu-devel or ubuntu-release and ask
[20:21] <utkarsh2102> no tags, that'd show up in update_excuses
[20:22] <cpete> utkarsh2102: and if it were waiting for another package to migrate it would show up there too. So I don't know here
[20:22] <utkarsh2102> got it, thanks o/
[20:23] <utkarsh2102> i was trying to get at uninstallability issues :)
[20:23] <cpete> Ah, I feeel like I usually see those in autopkgtest before they dissapear from update_excuses
[20:24] <utkarsh2102> update_output tells you about them! :)
[20:24] <utkarsh2102> update_output.txt
[20:24] <utkarsh2102> cpete: i'll let you answer bdrung's question next
[20:24] <cpete> Ahh. Another useful tool of the ubuntu archive toolbox
[20:24] <bdrung> cpete, Imagine a user detects a bug in droopy in jammy and provides a patch. You want to sponsor the fix. What would you upload (version numbers and releases) in case you are a core-dev?
[20:27] <cpete> bdrung: sorry for the delay. Looking at droopy. I see that for Jammy, Noble, and Oracular are all the same version. I would first upload their patch to oracular-devel as 0.20160830-5ubuntu1
[20:27] <bdrung> good and then?
[20:29] <cpete> Considering all is well and they have SRU templates for Noble and Jammy, I would upload 0.20160830-5ubuntu1 to Jammy and Noble. Although my intuition is telling me to make it ...-5ubuntu1.0, but again I need to look up the versioning string guidance.
[20:30] <utkarsh2102> uh, what?
[20:30] <bdrung> cpete, could you upload 0.20160830-5ubuntu1 to jammy and noble or what would happen?
[20:30] <utkarsh2102> -5ubuntu1.0 to SRU and -5ubuntu1 to devel is already contradicting what you said earlier
[20:32] <cpete> bdrung:  thinking. utkarsh2102: that was more of an incomplete thought thinking about the right versioning scheme, not to say that would be right process there
[20:32] <bdrung> cpete, what constraints do the version numbers need to follow?
[20:33] <cpete> bdrung: The version number in noble-updates needs to be higher than the version in noble-release.
[20:34] <cpete> since there's no -security upload there
[20:34] <bdrung> cpete, are there more contraints for the noble upload?
[20:36] <cpete> I suppose it would need to be less than the version in oracular.
[20:36] <bdrung> yes
[20:37] <utkarsh2102> ok, I am serverely over time, it's 2 AM here and I'll need to conclude soon
[20:37] <utkarsh2102> bdrung: are you ready to vote?
[20:37] <utkarsh2102> teward: ^?
[20:37] <teward> i have no questions, ready to vote
[20:38] <utkarsh2102> perf
[20:38] <bdrung> okay, ready
[20:38] <utkarsh2102> perf
[20:38] <utkarsh2102> #ubuntu-devel Chris to get core-dev rights
[20:38] <utkarsh2102> ooof
[20:38] <utkarsh2102> libera
[20:39] <utkarsh2102> #vote Chris to get core-dev rights
[20:39] <meetingology> Please vote on: Chris to get core-dev rights
[20:39] <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')
[20:39] <utkarsh2102> #voters bdrung teward utkarsh2102 rbasak bdmurray tsimonq2 schopin
[20:39] <meetingology> Warning: 'schopin' not in channel
[20:39] <meetingology> Current voters: bdmurray, bdrung, rbasak, schopin, teward, tsimonq2, utkarsh2102
[20:39] <utkarsh2102> ok, go
[20:42] <bdrung> +1 the application is still on the thin side and some more areas to dive in (like versioning of SRUs) but I have worked with cpete and are confident that he will follow his statement "I certainly still expect to ask for review and thoroughly test changes before committing something I'm not 100% certain about."
[20:42] <meetingology> +1 the application is still on the thin side and some more areas to dive in (like versioning of SRUs) but I have worked with cpete and are confident that he will follow his statement "I certainly still expect to ask for review and thoroughly test changes before committing something I'm not 100% certain about." received from bdrung
[20:43] <utkarsh2102> -1; apologies, I think Chris is great & I really appreciate his work and whilst he's got strong endorsements, they didn't answer the last three questions quite correctly. versioning is quite an important subject and I think that is where I go from +1 to -1. :(
[20:43] <meetingology> -1; apologies, I think Chris is great & I really appreciate his work and whilst he's got strong endorsements, they didn't answer the last three questions quite correctly. versioning is quite an important subject and I think that is where I go from +1 to -1. :( received from utkarsh2102
[20:45] <utkarsh2102> teward: ?
[20:45] <teward> sorry my connection is slow
[20:46] <teward> -1 I believe that you have more to learn and prove knowledge of before we can give you core dev levels of access. Versioning is critical in Ubuntu and not understanding that in and of itself is a necessary skill that you don't currently have, therefore I must provide a -1 vote.
[20:46] <meetingology> -1 I believe that you have more to learn and prove knowledge of before we can give you core dev levels of access. Versioning is critical in Ubuntu and not understanding that in and of itself is a necessary skill that you don't currently have, therefore I must provide a -1 vote. received from teward
[20:47] <utkarsh2102> #endvote
[20:47] <meetingology> Voting ended on: Chris to get core-dev rights
[20:47] <meetingology> Votes for: 1, Votes against: 2, Abstentions: 0
[20:47] <meetingology> Motion denied
[20:48] <utkarsh2102> i'll carry it to the ML
[20:48] <cpete> Ack. Thanks for your time all. I'll brush up so I can give better answers for the next go around.
[20:48] <utkarsh2102> cpete: apologies we can't complete the voting yet.
[20:49] <utkarsh2102> cpete: whilst you have a phenomenal set of people (foundations!!!) to help you through, please feel free to reach out if you need help at any point!
[20:50] <cpete> utkarsh2102: I certainly will! Thanks :)
[20:50] <utkarsh2102> cpete: i hope you get your rights sooner but one quick thing I'd like to see is cross-team interaction. All your endorsers are Foundations
[20:50] <bdrung> regarding quorum: Vote is between -5 and 3, outcome unknown as quorum was not reached
[20:50] <utkarsh2102> I'd like to see you get more involved with others
[20:51] <bdrung> +1 on more cross-team interactions
[20:51] <utkarsh2102> bdrung: oh wait, even if it's 3, it's still quorum not reached, right?
[20:52] <utkarsh2102> that's a.....denied?
[20:52] <utkarsh2102> we're 7, quorum is 4
[20:53] <bdrung> utkarsh2102, we are currently at -1, but the votes of the other can move it to -5 (denied) or 3 (accepted)
[20:53] <utkarsh2102> but that's what I am saying
[20:53] <utkarsh2102> 3 is not accepted
[20:53] <utkarsh2102> 4 is accepted, isn't it?
[20:53] <utkarsh2102> or have I gotten it wrong? I should sleep soon, oof
[20:53] <utkarsh2102> anyway, I'll take it to the ML and conclude here for now
[20:53] <utkarsh2102> #topic AOB
[20:54] <utkarsh2102> utkarsh2102 already added mruffell to the right teams and announced the application
[20:54] <utkarsh2102> #action utkarsh2102 to take cpete's application to ML
[20:54] <meetingology> ACTION: utkarsh2102 to take cpete's application to ML
[20:54] <utkarsh2102> teward: AOB from your side?
[20:54] <bdrung> utkarsh2102, four +1 are enough because the remaining members can only decrease it to 1 (by voting 3x -1).
[20:55] <bdrung> the sum of the votes only need to be positive
[20:55] <teward> utkarsh2102: not enough connection strength to state it and get a reply too
[20:55] <utkarsh2102> gotcha
[20:55] <teward> so i'll just send to the ML for that
[20:55] <utkarsh2102> teward: okeydoke, yes, thank you!
[20:55] <utkarsh2102> #endmeeting
[20:55] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 20:55:28 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-09-30-19.09.moin.txt
[20:55] <utkarsh2102> and that's a wrap!
[20:55] <utkarsh2102> thank you, everyone!
[20:55] <utkarsh2102> apologies, cpete :(
[20:56] <cpete> utkarsh2102: all good. Thanks for staying longer for me
[20:56] <utkarsh2102> <3
[20:56] <utkarsh2102> okay, gotta drop
