=== schopin_ is now known as schopin
[15:00] <adrien> \o
[15:00] <mkukri_> o/
[15:00] <schopin> o/
[15:00] <ogayot> o/
[15:00] <mateus-morais> o/
[15:01] <mclemenceau> o/
[15:01] <ravikant_> o/
[15:01] <slyon> o/
[15:02] <upils> o/
[15:02] <Skia> o7
[15:02] <dbungert> o/
[15:02] <zhsj> o./
[15:02] <dviererbe> o/
[15:02] <pushkarnk> o/
[15:03] <tobhe> o/
[15:03] <xypron> o/
=== rkratky__ is now known as rkratky
[15:04] <cpete> o/
[15:05] <mclemenceau_> o/
[15:05] <ravikant_> hello mclemenceau
[15:06] <upils> this one is gone!
[15:06] <ravikant_> does this work? mclemenceau_
[15:07] <mclemenceau_> yes thansk ravikant_
[15:09] <bdmurray> #startmeeting
[15:09] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:09:09 UTC.  The chair is bdmurray.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:09] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:09] <bdmurray> #meetingtopic Status Updates
[15:09] <bdmurray> https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-07-25/46682
[15:10] <bdmurray> #topic Status Updates
[15:10] <bdmurray> Let's take a couple of minutes to finish reviewing the status updates
[15:13] <bdmurray> schopin: can you tell me more about apport-retrace for not amd64?
[15:15] <schopin> bdmurray: bdrung had the strange idea of actually writing tests for apport-retrace. That was the start of a long series of issues, mostly with the test assumptions but also with some of the code. bdrung probably kept better track of it.
[15:15] <bdmurray> Okay
[15:16] <schopin> Some optimisations both in CPU and memory usage should come out of this, though.
[15:17] <bdmurray> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:17] <bdrung> \o
[15:18] <bdmurray> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-oo-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:19] <bdmurray> bug 1969394
[15:19] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1969394 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "'Settings & Livepatch' button opens 'settings' tab, not livepatch" [Low, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1969394
[15:19] <bdmurray> Okay, it seems to be in the desktop team's backlog
[15:19] <bdmurray> Let's target it to noble and oracular for them so it'll drop from the report
[15:20] <bdmurray> bug 2073997
[15:20] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2073997 in netplan.io (Ubuntu) "netplan: routing autopkgtest fails on armhf" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2073997
[15:20] <slyon> I thought we would have fixed that by having the 'vrf' module available on the autopkgtest hosts, but it seems to be flaky. CC Skia ?
[15:20] <slyon> Also, an upstream fix is pending: https://github.com/canonical/netplan/commit/586694b6beb32e36be868dff0c88cc116bf2ed8b
[15:20] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Commit 586694b in canonical/netplan "test:routing: skip VRF test if kernel module is not available"
[15:21] <schopin> I was about to suggest that approach :)
[15:21] <slyon> I'm wondering if maybe the installed kernel modules do not always match the hosts kernel version?
[15:21] <Skia> slyon: the module should be here, but some workers might have rebooted and lost it? I'll go check
[15:22] <slyon> thanks. Anyway. It can be assigned to me and the tag dropped.
[15:22] <bdmurray> Oh right because arm64 is sad
[15:22] <Skia> that ^^^
[15:22] <bdmurray> moving on then
[15:22] <bdmurray> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:22] <bdmurray> bug 2043820
[15:22] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2043820 in firefox (Ubuntu Noble) "Unable to contact snap store on Xubuntu from Jammy to Noble" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2043820
[15:22] <bdrung> bdmurray, regarding apport-retrace: recently i spent most of my time on https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/apport/+bug/2073787
[15:22] <bdmurray> enr0n: the point release is coming up soon
[15:22] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2073787 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport-retrace needs more than 1 GB" [High, Triaged]
[15:24] <enr0n> I will plan on working that upgrade bug next week
[15:24] <bdmurray> Thanks!
[15:24] <bdmurray> I'll remove the rls-nn-incoming tag then
[15:24] <bdmurray> ff is empty so we are done there
[15:25] <bdmurray> and I meant jj - too many LTSes
[15:25] <bdmurray> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:26] <bdmurray> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[15:28] <bdmurray> pyopenssl - mwhudson
[15:28] <bdmurray> apport - bdrung
[15:28] <bdrung> ack, i haven't done much else :D
[15:29] <bdmurray> uralt - bpftrace
[15:29] <bdmurray> glibc - schopin
[15:31] <bdmurray> setuptools - andersson123
[15:32] <bdmurray> autodep8 - mateus-morais
[15:32] <mateus-morais> bdmurray ack
[15:33] <ravikant_> setuptools is with vpa1977
[15:33] <bdmurray> okay
[15:34] <bdmurray> bdrung: initramfs-tools
[15:35] <bdrung> ack
[15:36] <bdmurray> upils: pkgconf
[15:36] <upils> ack
[15:37] <bdmurray> doko: python3.12
[15:37] <bdmurray> enr0n: systemd
[15:37] <enr0n> ack
[15:38] <bdmurray> vpa1977: bpfcc
[15:39] <bdmurray> ogayot: python3-stdlib-extensions
[15:39] <upils> schopin it looks like gcc-14 striked again for pkgconf :D
[15:39] <ogayot> bdmurray: ack!
[15:39] <bdmurray> slyon: mawk
[15:39] <upils> all of this investigation on libdmapsharing was not all for nothing!
[15:39] <schopin> Aha, nice to hear ;)
[15:40] <slyon> ack
[15:40] <bdmurray> I've retried libgd-perl
[15:41] <bdmurray> dbungert: python-dateutil
[15:41] <bdmurray> bdmurray: python3-defaults (I suspect a bunch of these need retrying)
[15:42] <dbungert> ack for python-dateutil
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[15:43] <bdmurray> waveform: binutils
[15:44] <bdmurray> I think that's good
[15:44] <bdmurray> #topic AOB
[15:45] <slyon> I'm off to DebConf next week
[15:46] <Skia> starting next Tuesday and for 10 days, I'll travelling, so mostly available to answer questions, but very asynchronously
[15:46] <Skia> I'll be*
[15:46] <zhsj> debconf next week as well
[15:48] <adrien> I'll be off for 4 weeks
[15:51] <bdmurray> #endmeeting
[15:51] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:51:46 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-07-25-15.09.moin.txt
=== arif-ali_ is now known as arif-ali
