[14:30] <jbicha> o/
[14:30] <didrocks> hey o/
[14:32] <sarnold> good morning
[14:33] <didrocks> if no-one is around, let me host this one too
[14:33] <didrocks> #startmeeting Weekly Main Inclusion Requests status
[14:33] <meetingology> Meeting started at 14:33:44 UTC.  The chair is didrocks.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[14:33] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[14:33] <didrocks> Ping for MIR meeting - didrocks joalif slyon sarnold cpaelzer jamespage ( eslerm dviererbe )
[14:33] <didrocks> #topic current component mismatches
[14:33] <didrocks> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams
[14:33] <didrocks> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches-proposed.svg
[14:33] <didrocks> #link https://people.canonical.com/~ubuntu-archive/component-mismatches.svg
[14:34] <dviererbe> o/
[14:34] <didrocks> soâ¦ it seems we have gtk4 -> with the i386 deps
[14:34] <didrocks> jbicha kindly pre-warned me about it
[14:34] <didrocks> and will reach to get the i386 binary being built
[14:35] <jbicha> the cpdb stuff was in main for mantic but dropped for noble in part because it wasn't needed but we do need it going forward
[14:35] <didrocks> jbicha: do you mind opening a MIR bug with that single statement? That would help tracking the re-promotion
[14:35] <jbicha> ok
[14:35] <didrocks> and will be linked into that diagram
[14:35] <didrocks> thanks!
[14:35] <didrocks> mutter -> libdisplay-info
[14:36] <didrocks> jbicha: not the first time we have that IIRC, but I donât remember the reasoning? ^
[14:36] <jbicha> could someone else take a look at libdisplay-info since I think slyon is still out. I'd like to get it cleared up to smooth landing mutter/gnome-shell 46
[14:36] <jbicha> I think the MIR was approved but needs someone to double check and set the status correctly (and/or promotion to main)
[14:36] <jbicha> bug 2071396
[14:36] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2071396 in libdisplay-info (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libdisplay-info" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2071396
[14:37] <didrocks> Iâll have a double check then
[14:37] <jbicha> for cpdb, the .svg is already linked to approved MIRs. Do you want a replacement minimal MIR instead?
[14:38] <didrocks> jbicha: oh nice, you are right, just add a comment to it?
[14:38] <didrocks> (an additional comment)
[14:38] <jbicha> (previous correction: land gnome-shell 47)
[14:38] <didrocks> the only one which is not tracked is autopkgtest -> retry
[14:39] <didrocks> I think slyon will be back soon, and it sounds foundation-related
[14:39] <didrocks> letâs park it there for now
[14:39] <didrocks> #topic New MIRs
[14:39] <didrocks> Mission: ensure to assign all incoming reviews for fast processing
[14:39] <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&assignee_option=none&field.assignee=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[14:40] <didrocks> the page was soooooo empty that it took a while to load here :)
[14:40] <sarnold> "this can't be right..."
[14:40] <didrocks> #topic Incomplete bugs / questions
[14:40] <didrocks> Mission: Identify required actions and spread the load among the teams
[14:40] <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/?field.searchtext=&orderby=-date_last_updated&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[14:40] <didrocks> sarnold: my first reaction :)
[14:41] <sarnold> didrocks: mine too :)
[14:41] <didrocks> especially with FF comingâ¦
[14:41] <didrocks> ok, it seems nothing in incomplete is pending on us
[14:42] <didrocks> #topic Process/Documentation improvements
[14:42] <didrocks> Mission: Review pending process/documentation pull-requests or issues
[14:42] <didrocks> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pulls
[14:42] <didrocks> #link https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/issues
[14:42] <didrocks> so, one PR pending
[14:42] <didrocks> (well, one new)
[14:42] <didrocks> based on the discussion we had last week (or was it the week before?)
[14:42] <sarnold> who even knows any more..
[14:42] <didrocks> "history" :p
[14:43] <didrocks> if you can review/give your 2 cents, I was the only one to ack it
[14:43] <didrocks> apart from that, it seems we are in a good position :)
[14:43] <didrocks> #topic MIR related Security Review Queue
[14:43] <didrocks> Mission: Check on progress, do deadlines seem doable?
[14:43] <didrocks> Some clients can only work with one, some with the other escaping - the URLs point to the same place.
[14:43] <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=%5BMIR%5D&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[14:43] <didrocks> #link https://bugs.launchpad.net/~ubuntu-security/+bugs?field.searchtext=[MIR]&assignee_option=choose&field.assignee=ubuntu-security&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=ubuntu-mir
[14:43] <didrocks> Internal link
[14:43] <didrocks> - ensure your teams items are prioritized among each other as you'd expect
[14:43] <didrocks> - ensure community requests do not get stomped by teams calling for favors too much
[14:43] <didrocks> #link https://warthogs.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/SEC/boards/594
[14:43] <didrocks> stage is yours sarnold :)
[14:44] <cpaelzer_> arr, I'm here
[14:44] <cpaelzer_> sorry, meeting overload
[14:44] <sarnold> there's good news here, but not great news
[14:44] <cpaelzer_> reading backlog and chiming in then
[14:44] <sarnold> a familiar lament ;(
[14:44] <didrocks> good is still better than no or bad news :)
[14:44] <sarnold> some of the MIRs have been started but nothing pushed through to completion yet
[14:45] <sarnold> so i'm feeling less dispondent than usual
[14:45] <sarnold> despondent? yeah probably that
[14:45]  * didrocks learnt a new word
[14:45] <didrocks> unsure I want to it often :)
[14:46] <cpaelzer_> read - ack to all above
[14:46] <sarnold> I also found a spare three uninterrupted hours last week to work on bringing up a new machine for improvement of our mir process. that felt good. it's not amazing or anything but it felt good to actually knock off an item.
[14:46] <didrocks> ack, well, anyway, thatâs progress and luckily, we donât have that many new MIRs
[14:46] <sarnold> yeah, surprisingly quiet cycle
[14:46] <cpaelzer_> let us clouse out and merge https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/62 in AOB if sarnold is ok
[14:46] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Pull 62 in canonical/ubuntu-mir "Clarify exotic hardware requirements" [Open]
[14:46] <didrocks> sarnold: \o/
[14:46] <cpaelzer_> sarnold:  it is not that quiet
[14:46] <sarnold> oh
[14:46] <cpaelzer_> if you look at the component mismatch
[14:47] <cpaelzer_> there are so many stubs filed to be processed
[14:47] <cpaelzer_> I expect these to land in a while
[14:47] <cpaelzer_> and then we have reivews to do
[14:47] <cpaelzer_> and then subsequently should expect security reivews too
[14:47] <sarnold> the "new 386 builds" has me a bit worried..
[14:47] <cpaelzer_> six more to come according to https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/component-mismatches-proposed.svg
[14:47] <didrocks> cpaelzer_: yeah, the empty "New" one is a little bit of a falacyâ¦ and maybe rather than teams doing more requests in advance, they are lateâ¦
[14:48] <cpaelzer_> didrocks: I think it is both - the conscious ones early. And now the piled up sync late
[14:48] <didrocks> cpaelzer_: hum, 2 of them are already in progress or almost done?
[14:48] <didrocks> but yeah, letâs see once the list is cleared up
[14:48] <cpaelzer_> ack
[14:48] <didrocks> and now, merging time apparently!
[14:48] <didrocks> #topic Any other business?
[14:49] <sarnold> none here
[14:49] <cpaelzer_> could we have a look at https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-mir/pull/62 and I merge it if you are ok
[14:49] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Pull 62 in canonical/ubuntu-mir "Clarify exotic hardware requirements" [Open]
[14:49] <cpaelzer_> didrocks:  said ok
[14:49] <cpaelzer_> sarnold: I'll look at your style thing
[14:49] <cpaelzer_> ph
[14:49] <cpaelzer_> oh
[14:49] <sarnold> this isn't a new policy, just clarification, i think two acks separate from the proposer is probably fine
[14:50] <cpaelzer_> sarnold:  the sentence is meant to continue
[14:50] <sarnold> ahhh, I was expecting perhaps several of them to remain
[14:50] <cpaelzer_> as people leave just the one that applies
[14:50] <sarnold> one or more, not exactly one
[14:50] <cpaelzer_> it could be >=1
[14:50] <cpaelzer_> or 0 and we will reject :-)
[14:50] <sarnold> :D
[14:50] <didrocks> yeah, we should need to develop an app to file it :p
[14:50] <cpaelzer_> NO!
[14:50] <didrocks> with multi-choices and nested widgets
[14:51] <didrocks> :)
[14:51] <cpaelzer_> NOÂ²
[14:51] <cpaelzer_> we try to help
[14:51] <sarnold> it just felt like a bug when I got to the end of the line and the line type changes but the sentence hadn't ended, heh
[14:51] <cpaelzer_> but not that :-P
[14:51] <didrocks> sarnold: I have the same feeling on the "      maintained the package"
[14:51] <didrocks> in the existing template
[14:51] <cpaelzer_> I'll add colon and make it work
[14:51] <cpaelzer_> and then merge
[14:51] <didrocks> and then, you get used to it, but I agree, some parts can be puzzling at first like the multi-lines ones
[14:52] <cpaelzer_> to both
[14:52] <cpaelzer_> no other AOB topic for me
[14:52] <didrocks> "â¦" <- feel free to pick it :)
[14:52] <didrocks> nothing else either
[14:52] <didrocks> #endmeeting
[14:52] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 14:52:42 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-08-06-14.33.moin.txt
[14:52] <didrocks> thanks everyone!
[14:52] <sarnold> didrocks: heh yeah, I can see that, I guess i'm in the "used to it phase" there :)
[14:52] <sarnold> thanks didrocks, all :)
[14:52] <cpaelzer_> thanks for driving as I was unplanned-late :-/
[14:53] <cpaelzer_> bonus ++ to didrocks
[14:53] <didrocks> no worry!
=== cpaelzer_ is now known as cpaelzer
