=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[14:58] <xypron> o/
[14:59] <dbungert1> o/
=== dbungert1 is now known as dbungert
[14:59] <Skia> o7
[14:59] <ogayot> o/
[15:00] <zhsj> o/
[15:00] <liushuyu> o/
[15:00] <ginggs> o/
[15:01] <pushkarnk> o/
[15:01] <mateus-morais> o/
[15:01] <ravikant_> o/
[15:01] <cpete> o/
[15:02] <schopin> o/
[15:02] <dviererbe> o/
[15:03] <dbungert> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:03] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:03:35 UTC.  The chair is dbungert.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:03] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:03] <dbungert> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:04] <dbungert> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-08-22/46686
[15:09] <dbungert> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:10] <dbungert> all of them are empty for Foundations
[15:10] <dbungert> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:10] <dbungert> usbmuxd - still with mwhudson, but blocked on MIR?
[15:11] <dbungert> libxs-parse-keyword-perl - still with waveform
[15:11] <ginggs> should we reassin that?
[15:11] <dbungert> sounds prudent
[15:12] <dbungert> ogayot: libxs-parse-keyword-perl
[15:13] <dbungert> libheif: cpete
[15:13] <cpete> dbungert: ack
[15:14] <dbungert> valgrind: xypron
[15:14] <xypron> I am out the next two weeks.
[15:15] <dbungert> pushkarnk: valgrind
[15:15] <pushkarnk> dbungert: ack
[15:16] <dbungert> ginggs: dracut
[15:16] <ginggs> ack
[15:17] <dbungert> looking for a volunteer who has s390x access for s390-tools
[15:18] <liushuyu> dbungert: I can check
[15:18] <schopin> I'll take it, I have the context
[15:18] <dbungert> great
[15:18] <liushuyu> okay
[15:19] <dbungert> schopin: also openssl vs ruby
[15:21] <dbungert> uralt: adduser vs shadow
[15:22] <dbungert> enr0n: shadow vs systemd
[15:22] <enr0n> ack
[15:23] <dbungert> Skia: twisted vs things, I'm guessing they are the same root cause
[15:24] <Skia> dbungert: I'm out for the next two weeks also, sorry :/
[15:24] <dbungert> danilogondolfo: twisted
[15:24] <danilogondolfo> ack
[15:24] <dbungert> andersson123: sqlite3
[15:26] <dbungert> wireless-tools - please refer to https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_output.txt
[15:26] <dbungert> ravikant_: wireless-tools
[15:26] <ravikant_> dbungert: ack
[15:27] <andersson123> ack
[15:27] <uralt> ack
[15:27] <dbungert> taking cmake
[15:27] <dbungert> actually ginggs is asking for cmake
[15:28] <dbungert> taking libobject-pad-perl
[15:28] <dbungert> #topic AOB
[15:29] <dbungert> #endmeeting
[15:29] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:29:20 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-08-22-15.03.moin.txt
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
