=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[14:30] <sarnold> good morning
[14:30] <eslerm_> o/
[14:30] <slyon> o/
[14:31] <slyon> With people being busy at the Canonical product sprint and the agenda looking fairly small, I propose skipping today's MIR meeting.
[14:31] <sarnold> works for me :)
[14:31] <eslerm_> sounds good to me :)
[14:31] <slyon> We have no MIR updates. And only one new (old) request in bug #1892456, which we cannot decide upon due to missing quorum
[14:32] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1892456 in malcontent (Ubuntu) "[MIR] malcontent" [Medium, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1892456
[14:32] <slyon> https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/component-mismatches-proposed.svg shows some desktop & openstack cases for didrocks and jamespage to look into, but that's all normal and expected at the start of a cycle.
[14:33] <slyon> So see you all next time :) o/
[14:33] <sarnold> hah that svg is smaller than I expected
[14:33] <sarnold> or next week? :)
[14:34] <eslerm_> owning team is almost certainly Desktop, but needs to be stated in those
[14:34] <eslerm_> LP#1812456 is related
[14:34] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 1812456 in flatpak (Ubuntu) "[MIR] libflatpak0" [Medium, Invalid] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1812456
[14:37] <sarnold> malcontent is already owned by desktop http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/m-r-package-team-mapping.html
[14:37] <sarnold> anyway, back eventually :)
[14:38] <eslerm_> +1 +1
[14:55] <didrocks> slyon: yeah, itâs still a little bit early I guess to look at proposed, but weâll keep an eye on it
[14:56] <didrocks> Weâll probably have a session during next week's sprint
=== JanC is now known as Guest6677
=== JanC_ is now known as JanC
