=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[16:00] <dviererbe> o/
[16:00] <adrien> o//
[16:00] <ginggs> o/
[16:00] <ogayot> o/
[16:00] <slyon> \o
[16:00] <mkukri> o/
[16:00] <zhsj> o/
[16:01] <liushuyu> o/
[16:01] <bdrung> \o
[16:01] <enr0n> o/
[16:01] <pushkarnk> o/
[16:01] <cpete> o/
[16:01] <juliank> o/
[16:02] <juliank> Firefox is really annoying when I try to find my GOogle Meet url
[16:02] <juliank> #startmeeting
[16:02] <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:02:30 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[16:02] <mateus-morais> o/
[16:02] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[16:02] <juliank> I forgot the name
[16:02] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[16:03] <juliank> (This is the foundations weekly meeting)
[16:03] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-11-january-2024/
[16:06] <bdmurray> "Weird stuff"
[16:09] <slyon> danilogondolfo: see enr0n's status about the apparmor namespace issue. I guess that's what we see in Netplan, too?
[16:09] <schopin> why is netplan using unshare() ? oO
[16:10] <slyon> unshare? oO I didn't check the details yet, but we're seeing strange autopkgtest failures related to namespace restrictions, that cannot be reproduced in Debian
[16:11] <schopin> that'd be the syscall to create new namespaces :)
[16:12] <juliank> We ready to continue?
[16:12] <slyon> oh right. We're not creating any namespaces manually... But it was ringing a bell in my head when I saw that context :)
[16:12] <danilogondolfo> the issue we are seeing seems to not be related to that I guess. It's due to /usr/lib/netplan being deleted and not recreated due upgrade as far as I can see
[16:13] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[16:13] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:13] <enr0n> slyon: do you have a link to an example?
[16:13] <juliank> bug 2048953
[16:13] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2048953 in grub2 (Ubuntu) "grub fails to add boot entries if python3-apt is missing" [Medium, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2048953
[16:14] <juliank> mkukri already tagged it foundations-todo, but we also need to clean the rls-nn-incoming tag
[16:14] <mkukri> already tagged totdo
[16:14] <Skia> [5~[5~
[16:15] <slyon> enr0n: I don't think it's visible from the public logs. Danilo had to dig into a local VM to extract some logs. But it might be unrelated after all..
[16:15] <enr0n> ack
[16:15] <juliank> bug 1969394 is with desktop still I believe and not actionable
[16:15] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1969394 in update-manager (Ubuntu) "'Settings & Livepatch' button opens 'settings' tab, not livepatch" [Low, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1969394
[16:16] <juliank> I'll bounce it to oo
[16:16] <juliank> bug 1838372
[16:16] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1838372 in apport (Ubuntu) "'ubuntu-bug -w' doesn't work under wayland" [Wishlist, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1838372
[16:16] <juliank> I don't think that's even possible?
[16:17] <bdmurray> That's my memory
[16:17] <juliank> Wayland doesn't support things like that by design for security reasons
[16:17] <bdrung> juliank, is there no way to map a window to a program name?
[16:17] <juliank> You can't get a list of windows even I believe
[16:17] <enr0n> I thought we did an SRU for this a year or two ago
[16:18] <bdrung> The use case: A user knows the icon and window title, but not the program name
[16:18] <enr0n> This looks like a duplicate of bug 1952947
[16:18] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1952947 in apport (Ubuntu Jammy) "ubuntu-bug -w (using xprop) doesn't work under wayland" [Medium, Fix Released] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1952947
[16:18] <juliank> Well
[16:19] <schopin> There's no DE-agnostic way, but maybe we can figure out an API for Gnome and KDE?
[16:19] <bdmurray> "The patch for this bug adds a message explaining that the -w,--window option cannot be used on Wayland, and suggests a method for finding the window's PID instead."
[16:19] <bdrung> Yes, but the problem is that user do not know the application name.
[16:20] <waveform> how does firefox manage it (as a Wayland application, and something that lists "what window do you want to share?")
[16:20] <schopin> FWIW xdg-portal has a way to list windows when trying to do screenshots/screencast.
[16:20] <waveform> ah
[16:20] <juliank> it might not be possible to get back to the pid from that
[16:20] <schopin> However reading the doc I didn't see a way to get from the handle to a PID or anything like that.
=== rkratky__ is now known as rkratky
[16:21] <juliank> if you can get the .desktop that is enough though
[16:21] <juliank> But we can discuss this more and find out ways or someone on the bug tells us before comitting this to jira
[16:21] <juliank> bug 2048760
[16:21] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2048760 in python-cssselect (Ubuntu) "[MIR] python-cssselect" [Undecided, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2048760
[16:21] <slyon> this is looking for a volunteer to do an MIR
[16:21] <schopin> not it
[16:21] <juliank> mkukri: ?
[16:22] <mkukri> sure
[16:22] <slyon> thanks!
[16:23] <juliank> bug 2048766
[16:23] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2048766 in dmraid (Ubuntu) "Please remove dmraid from the Ubuntu archive" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2048766
[16:23] <slyon> We have a plan for this one already (see my last comment)
[16:23] <slyon> I'm not sure how we can track it, to not forget about it?
[16:26] <slyon> we might target it to a milestone, so it pops up with the release team before release
[16:26] <juliank> Target to feature freeze milestone
[16:26] <juliank> and removed the incoming tag
[16:26] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-mm-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:26] <juliank> is really nothing new there
[16:26] <juliank> just desktop stuff
[16:26] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:27] <juliank> surprisingly empty too
[16:27] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-ff-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:27] <juliank> is empty too
[16:27] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[16:28] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[16:28] <juliank> firefox is hanging
[16:30] <juliank> libtircp vs glibc is with danilogondolfo still I believe
[16:30] <juliank> python-werkzeug is with slyon still
[16:30] <danilogondolfo> juliank, this one is related to the problem schopin is investigating in glibc
[16:31] <juliank> debconf is still with enr0n
[16:31] <juliank> wpa vs netplan is with ogayot
[16:31] <schopin> danilogondolfo: sorry I forgot to do the migration-reference runs for other archs than amd64 -_-
[16:33] <juliank> libxcrypt vs ruby
[16:33] <juliank> libxcrypt vs ruby: adrien?
[16:33] <adrien> I'm innocent (ack)
[16:34] <juliank> netplan.io blocking network-manager: slyon
[16:35] <juliank> systemd-hwe: enr0n
[16:35] <juliank> debootstrap: bdrung
[16:35] <bdrung> ack
[16:36] <juliank> rsyslog: xypron
[16:37] <juliank> Sadly we are out of bold items and I assigned alphabetically so uh sorry
[16:37] <juliank> Next time we can start from the back!
[16:38] <juliank> python-werkzeug: pushkarnk
[16:38] <pushkarnk> ack
[16:39] <juliank> #topic AOB
[16:39] <bdmurray> Monday is a US holiday
[16:39] <enr0n> \o/
[16:41] <juliank> well I guess that's it
[16:41] <juliank> #endmeeting
[16:41] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 16:41:14 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-01-11-16.02.moin.txt
