=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[14:33] <adrien> sergiodj: AFAIU you did most of the work for debuginfod support (thanks btw!) and I'm wondering if it's available to autopkgtest which would imply the data for the package built/tested would be available through debuginfod which sounds like it would require additional work
[14:34] <adrien> an alternative is to add a depend on the dbgsym package for the tests which is easy to do per-package but I'm wondering which way to prefer
[14:34] <adrien> thanks :)
[14:38] <adrien> oops, wrong channel, sorry, should have been -devel probably
[14:53] <schopin> adrien: fwiw, I think symbols are available as soon as a package is published in -proposed.
[14:54] <adrien> schopin: good to know; unfortunately I'm testing a PPA
[14:55] <adrien> discourse is still down as far as I can tell so I guess we can put a short status here (let me know if someone sees discourse as up)
[14:56] <adrien> (it's failing at some step, it's not completely down, so probably not network-related)
[14:57] <dviererbe> o/
[14:58] <zhsj> o/
[14:58] <sergiodj> adrien: PPAs are not indexed by our debuginfod instance, unfortunately. otherwise, it's what schopin said: when packages are published in -proposed debuginfod will index them within 2 hours
[14:59] <sergiodj> (actually, _some_ special PPAs are indexed, but they're related to ESM)
[14:59] <adrien> short status: mostly libtracefs MIR for which tests are now running, but that means I get to learn about the many many failures on s390x and ppc64el; also looking at updating gnutls and openssl to their latest versions (no new openssl version is published but maybe a git tag will make sense)
[14:59] <liushuyu> o/
[15:00] <ogayot> o/
[15:00] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:00] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:00:19 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:00] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:00] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:00] <mkukri> o/
[15:00] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-04-11
[15:00] <adrien> sergiodj: thanks, and I think that makes sense, you probably don't want to have everything from all PPAs there; I think I'll add a dependency on dbgsym, at least because it will help me get useful traces for s390x and ppc64el test failures
[15:00] <slyon> o/
[15:01] <mateus-morais> o/
[15:01] <sergiodj> adrien: yeah, sorry about that
[15:01] <pushkarnk> o/
[15:02] <Skia> 1o/
[15:02] <upils_> o/
[15:03] <adrien> oh, no dbsym package
[15:03] <slyon> discourse still down..
[15:04] <juliank> Hmm
[15:04] <schopin> shall we move on directly to triaging then?
[15:04] <ravikant_> o/
[15:04] <juliank> let's go
[15:05] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:05] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:05] <juliank> bug 2060311
[15:05] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2060311 in systemd (Ubuntu) "Setting 'optional: true' to overcome he timeout 'Job systemd-networkd-wait-online' does no longer work with latest noble image" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2060311
[15:05] <slyon> we shoudl tag and take it
[15:06] <slyon> I started some work related to this today: https://github.com/canonical/netplan/pull/455
[15:06] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Pull 455 in canonical/netplan "Create individual systemd-networkd-wait-online@.service units" [Open]
[15:06] <enr0n> +1
[15:07] <juliank> slyon: ack
[15:07] <juliank> slyon: assigned the netplan to you and tagged it todo
[15:07] <slyon> thx!
[15:07] <bdmurray> take for the final release?
[15:07] <juliank> Should we set milestone 24.04?
[15:08] <juliank> slyon: ^
[15:08] <bdmurray> Yes, a milestone would help the release team have visibility into it.
[15:08] <slyon> not sure.. I cannot yet estimate the side effects
[15:09] <enr0n> IMO yes. Otherwise we are asking for a fun flood of bug reports about this
[15:09] <juliank> Not sure + yes is a yes
[15:09] <slyon> alright
[15:10] <juliank> tagged
[15:10] <juliank> targeted to 24.04
[15:11] <juliank> bug 2060581 is already staged so untagged it
[15:11] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2060581 in apport (Ubuntu) "stop shipping debian-installer package hook" [Low, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2060581
[15:13] <juliank> bug 2060220 seems straightforward
[15:13] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2060220 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Prevent release upgrades for users running on armhf" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2060220
[15:13] <vorlon> juliank: I saw a package that needed to migrate but it had picked up a versioned dep on your libdebian-installer NCR ;P
[15:14] <schopin> I don't know. I think the problem raised here that you'll get a mix of 23.10 and 24.04 packages is already the case on any other arch?
[15:14] <juliank> sigh
[15:14] <juliank> This isn't _really_ a problem
[15:14] <juliank> u-r-u offers to remove obsolete packages (mantic-noble/jammy-noble)
[15:15] <vorlon> as I said in the bug comment I think this should be a raspi-specific quirk
[15:15] <vorlon> since that's the supported platform whose kernel gets dropped
[15:15] <waveform> indeed
[15:15] <juliank> I think it should be a quirk for some "key packages"
[15:15] <vorlon> and we shouldn't let users think they've upgraded to a supported LTS when the #1 CVE target is unsupported
[15:16] <juliank> I mean block upgrades if any package they use from main got dropped
[15:17] <bdmurray> How can we check if they are on an RPi?
[15:18] <juliank> check the kernel
[15:18] <waveform> hmm, checking for linux-raspi is usually a good sign, but theoretically isn't enough
[15:18] <juliank> linux-raspi-*
[15:18] <juliank> linux-image-raspi-*
[15:18] <waveform> (if it's installed it may not be flashed as the actual booting kernel; so uname -r with a -raspi suffix is probably a good sign for the running kernel)
[15:19] <waveform> alternately, check for raspberrypi in /proc/device-tree/compatible if it exists
[15:19] <waveform> (substring)
[15:20] <juliank> I think package is more interesting tbh
[15:20] <waveform> package can be installed (but not flashed) on generic arm64 hardware
[15:21] <waveform> (yes, that's stupid, but possible :)
[15:21] <juliank> I know but still the image as a whole would be unsupported
[15:21] <juliank> maybe you are building the image on your other arm64 hardware and then want to put it into a pi
[15:21] <juliank> :D
[15:21] <waveform> but the test is for "are we running on a pi?"
[15:22] <juliank> Yes, but I prefer to be safe than sorry :D
[15:23] <juliank> And that gives us an easier way to mark other packages
[15:23] <juliank> Anyway
[15:23] <juliank> let's move on
[15:23] <juliank> bug 1951491
[15:23] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 1951491 in snapd (Ubuntu) "Can't run snaps: .slice/session-1.scope is not a snap cgroup" [High, Incomplete] https://launchpad.net/bugs/1951491
[15:24] <juliank> Ah yes I marked that incomplete
[15:24] <juliank> I forgot to drop the tag
[15:24] <juliank> There's like 3 bugs in this bug that people talk about
[15:25] <juliank> moving on, mm is empty, so
[15:25] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:25] <juliank> bug 2058743
[15:25] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2058743 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd local DNS tests failing with timeout" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2058743
[15:25] <juliank> Sounds like a todo
[15:25] <juliank> do I get a second?
[15:27] <juliank> Leaving that to the server team as it is a regression in dnsmasq, subscribed them
[15:27] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:28] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[15:28] <vorlon> does it load?
[15:28] <juliank> (I forgot to say: ff was empty)
[15:28] <juliank> vorlon: it's quiten ice
[15:28] <vorlon> not bad
[15:28] <vorlon> 17 packages needing attention, 214 packages not yet considered late
[15:28] <vorlon> oy who uploaded 214 packages
[15:28] <juliank> o/
[15:28] <schopin> I wanna blame Julian
[15:28] <vorlon> :|
[15:30] <vorlon> right, so a short enough list we can actually assign
[15:30] <vorlon> usb.ids: liushuyu please?
[15:30] <vorlon> bzip2: schopin?
[15:30] <schopin> vorlon: ack
[15:31] <vorlon> gcc-14-cross: doko: you commented about demotions but it looks like you haven't done whatever re-promotions are required here, I'll leave this with you
[15:31] <vorlon> nullboot: just unblocked this by removing the arm64 binary from the release pocket, will migrate
[15:31] <liushuyu> vorlon: understood
[15:31] <vorlon> sphinx vs xorg-server: ravikant_?
[15:31] <ravikant_> vorlon: ack
[15:32] <vorlon> python-packaging: pushkarnk
[15:32] <vorlon> gcc-11: upils_
[15:32] <pushkarnk> vorlon: ack
[15:32] <upils_> ack
[15:32] <vorlon> upils_: you'll probably end up coordinating w/ doko but he's not here right now, so anyway :)
[15:32] <upils_> noted
[15:32] <vorlon> golang-1.22: zhsj
[15:33] <vorlon> avahi: ogayot
[15:33] <ogayot> vorlon: ack
[15:33] <vorlon> tzdata: bdrung
[15:33] <zhsj> ack
[15:34] <schopin> just to be clear, the freeze block hint is going to be lifted once beta is out, right?
[15:34] <vorlon> nfs-utils vs libnfs hmm ahasenack has been looking at this for the server team. enr0n can you work with him on this to sort out if this is a baseline regression and we should ignore the s390x failure?
[15:35] <vorlon> openjdk-21 vs cups: mateus-morais
[15:35] <enr0n> vorlon: ack
[15:35] <mateus-morais> vorlon: ack
[15:35] <vorlon> pci.ids: looks to be the same fusioninventory-agent failure as for usb.ids so giving this to liushuyu also
[15:36] <vorlon> heh openjdk-21 blocked because it makes openjdk-23's tests fail on arm64?
[15:36] <vorlon> mkukri: openjdk-21 vs openjdk-23 please
[15:36] <liushuyu> vorlon: okay
[15:36] <mkukri> mkukri: ack
[15:36]  * mkukri fears java
[15:36] <vorlon> mtd-utils: slyon
[15:36] <slyon> ack
[15:36] <vorlon> mkukri: it may just require test retries :)
[15:37] <vorlon> anyway that's all the list for today
[15:37] <vorlon> juliank:
[15:38] <vorlon> (we'll want to get as much of the rest through before release as possible, but those no-change rebuilds are by and large not critical and I won't assign them out)
[15:38] <Skia> just to be sure everyone know: we've had a lot of "no space left on device" issues recently on autopkgtest. If a log appears cropped, it's probably due to that, and you better retry it right away.
[15:38] <vorlon> schopin: yes we lift the proposed-migration freeze after beta (but leave the archive freeze in place)
[15:39] <schopin> thanks
[15:41] <juliank> oh
[15:41] <juliank> #topic AOB
[15:42] <vorlon> nothing here!
[15:44] <ahasenack> vorlon: just saw the highlight on nfs-utils
[15:44] <ahasenack> it's a kernel bug, ibm found the commit that broke it, and sent a patch to the kernel list (upstream)
[15:45] <ahasenack> https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/nfs-utils/+bug/2060217
[15:45] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2060217 in nfs-utils (Ubuntu) "NFSv4 fails to mount in noble/s390x" [High, Triaged]
[15:45] <vorlon> ahasenack: so would a baseline retest clear this as a regression?
[15:45] <ahasenack> migration-reference? If it runs on the same host kernel, yes
[15:46] <vorlon> yes
[15:48] <juliank> OK I think that's it
[15:48] <juliank> #endmeeting
[15:48] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:48:02 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-04-11-15.00.moin.txt
