=== utkarsh71 is now known as utkarsh2102
[15:00] <dviererbe> o/
[15:00] <ogayot> o/
[15:00] <adrien> \o
[15:00] <ravikant_> o/
[15:00] <ginggs> o/
[15:00] <pushkarnk> \o
[15:00] <zhsj> o/
[15:00] <slyon> o/
[15:01] <mateus-morais> o/
[15:01] <schopin> o/
[15:02] <bdrung> \o
[15:02] <liushuyu> o/
[15:03] <juliank> o/
[15:03] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:03] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:03:57 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:03] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:03] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:04] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-04-18/
[15:04] <Skia> o/
[15:05] <slyon> waveform: the new wait-online was actually working as expected on pi server images, right?
[15:05] <upils> o/
[15:05] <waveform> slyon, correct
[15:05] <slyon> good :)
[15:06] <bdmurray> bdrung: where is apport?
[15:06] <mkukri> o/
[15:06] <waveform> slyon, at least the last version I tested was, but I saw there's now ~ppa7 in there? Has the fundamental logic changed (i.e. is re-testing needed?)
[15:06] <bdrung> bdmurray, in the unapproved queue!
[15:06] <enr0n> slyon: thanks for all of your wait-online work \o/
[15:07] <slyon> waveform: ~ppa1 was from PR#455 (different logic), ~ppa2++ is fundamentally the same logic from PR#456
[15:07] <slyon> enr0n: waveform: and this is the final thing: https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/netplan.io/1.0-2ubuntu1 \o/
[15:08] <waveform> excellent, thanks
[15:09] <bdmurray> y'all are talking about bug 2060311 here right?
[15:09] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2060311 in Netplan "Setting 'optional: true' to overcome he timeout 'Job systemd-networkd-wait-online' does no longer work with latest noble image" [High, In Progress] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2060311
[15:09] <waveform> correct
[15:09] <slyon> yes
[15:12] <juliank> thinking about TPM FDE
[15:12] <mkukri> im trying to test it right now but the beta iso doesnt seem to install
[15:14] <bdrung> zhsj, i'll look into sponsoring kmod after this meeting
[15:14] <zhsj> bdrung: thanks
[15:14] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:14] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:14] <juliank> bug 2061214
[15:14] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2061214 in software-properties (Ubuntu) "Software sources not correctly updated after upgrade" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2061214
[15:15] <juliank> enr0n: I suppose this is some issue with deb822 on upgrades but no data in there
[15:15] <juliank> asking for data
[15:16] <enr0n> juliank: no this is just Prompt=lts vs Prompt=normal
[15:16] <enr0n> bdmurray: already fixed it which was included in one of my uploads
[15:17] <juliank> enr0n: this bug is about there being no sources in sources.list or rather in software-properties *after* an upgrade
[15:17] <juliank> The Prompt thing is a strawman?
[15:19] <juliank> Set Incomplete
[15:19] <juliank> bug 2061923
[15:19] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2061923 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "my upgrade to noble went up in flames" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2061923
[15:20] <enr0n> juliank: it seems I looked too closely and thought I understood the previous bug. I will take another look
[15:21] <bdmurray> I think this upgrader might have brought it upon themselves
[15:22] <schopin> I must say, the wording of the report is rather unhelpful :)
[15:22] <bdmurray> That's what log files are for!
[15:23] <enr0n> bdmurray: you think it was due to your PPA combinations?
[15:24] <juliank> I'll let you two sort that out
[15:24] <bdmurray> I do wonder about the thunderbird install failure
[15:24] <juliank> bug 2061017
[15:24] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2061017 in lxd-installer (Ubuntu) "lxd-installer: permission error not handled and lxd snap not installed" [Undecided, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2061017
[15:24] <bdmurray> `/usr/bin/gdbus: error while loading shared libraries: libgio-2.0.so.0: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory`
[15:26] <utkarsh2102> perhaps not the best place and time to ask but...
[15:26] <utkarsh2102> juliank, do you still care about the FFe: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnu-efi/+bug/2060197, can this be done after Noble release?
[15:26] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2060197 in gnu-efi (Ubuntu) "[FFe] [HWE] fwupd-efi 1.6 and gnu-efi 3.0.18" [Undecided, New]
[15:26] <enr0n> juliank: this lxd-installer bug is being taken care of, nothing for us to do. I will un tag
[15:26] <juliank> utkarsh2102: it's too late
[15:27] <juliank> utkarsh2102: it's an SRU now
[15:27] <utkarsh2102> exactly :)
[15:27] <utkarsh2102> coolio, we agree then
[15:27] <utkarsh2102> I'll add a comment there, too
[15:27] <juliank> let's see if there's anything on mantic
[15:27] <juliank> nothing new
[15:31] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:31] <juliank> bug 2058743
[15:31] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2058743 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd local DNS tests failing with timeout" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2058743
[15:38] <slyon> nothing new on this one. Waiting for server team input
[15:40] <juliank> ack
[15:42] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:42] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[15:47] <zhsj> i'm looking at fakeroot, the failure is similar to what i have fixed before.
[15:51] <juliank> curl adrien - these are three but they are connectivity issues, probably all the same
[15:51] <juliank> git bdmurray
[15:51] <adrien> ack
[15:51] <juliank> sorry
[15:51] <juliank> ginggs: bdrung
[15:52] <schopin> erm?
[15:52] <juliank> git: bdrung
[15:52] <bdrung> ack
[15:52] <juliank> man-db cpete
[15:52] <juliank> wget dbungert
[15:52] <dbungert> ack
[15:52] <cpete1> juliank: ack
[15:53] <juliank> apt-clone blocking distro-info danilogondolfo
[15:53] <danilogondolfo> ack
[15:53] <juliank> busybox FTBFS waveform
[15:53] <waveform> ack
[15:53] <juliank> dctrl-tools dviererbe
[15:53] <dviererbe> ack
[15:53] <juliank> distro-info vs autopkgtest Skia
[15:54] <Skia> ack
[15:54] <juliank> fwupd-signed: please RM sil2100
[15:54] <juliank> (fro mproposed)
[15:56] <juliank> keyutils slyon
[15:57] <slyon> ack
[15:57] <juliank> libsigc++-2.0 mkukri
[15:57] <juliank> make-dfsg  mateus-morais
[15:57] <mateus-morais> juliank: ack
[15:57] <juliank> netcat-openbsd doko
[15:58] <ginggs> let me take make-dfsg, i know the problem
[15:58] <ginggs> juliank: will you assign something else for mateus-morais ?
[15:59] <juliank> ack
[15:59] <juliank> pkgconf mateus-morais
[15:59] <mateus-morais> ack
[15:59] <juliank> valgrind enr0n
[15:59] <enr0n> ack
[15:59] <juliank> strace FTBFS ogayot
[15:59] <schopin> it should already be sorted by paelzer
[15:59] <juliank> ooh
[16:00] <juliank> python-dateutil: ogayot
[16:00] <ogayot> juliank: ack!
[16:00] <juliank> util-linux upils
[16:00] <juliank> debconf pushkarnk
[16:01] <pushkarnk> juliank: ack
[16:01] <juliank> Oh hang on we are only waiting for tests by now
[16:02] <upils> ack
[16:02] <juliank> #topic AOB
[16:03] <dviererbe> I am out tomorrow and monday
[16:06] <juliank> #endmeeting
[16:06] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 16:06:16 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-04-18-15.03.moin.txt
[16:31] <jbicha> mkukri: I'll take libsigc++-2.0
[16:32] <mkukri> okay
