=== dviererbe1 is now known as dviererbe
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[15:01] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[15:01] <meetingology> Meeting started at 15:01:43 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[15:01] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[15:01] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[15:01] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-2024-05-02/
[15:02] <juliank> Most forgot so I guess um 5 minutes only today because not much to read
[15:03]  * juliank has blacked out a bit as to what happened this week
[15:04] <juliank> Holiday yesterday sure did not help
[15:04] <bdrung> lost all memory after first of May?
[15:04] <juliank> yeah
[15:06] <juliank> Questions, comments, additional memories recovered?
[15:07] <bdrung> Recovered memory: I worked on the sponsoring report generation.
[15:07] <juliank> When can we finally get https again for reports.qa.ubuntu.com? This is adding minutes of extra effort trying to convince firefox with https forced to downgrade
[15:07] <dbungert> mateus-morais: "are not Canonical owned" - I assume that should be "are now Canonical owned" ?
[15:08] <vorlon> juliank: you probably need to ask Brian to follow up on this
[15:08] <mateus-morais> dbungert: oops, yeah, fixing now, thanks!
[15:08] <juliank> vorlon: yeah
[15:08] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[15:08] <bdrung> juliank, when we setup letsencrypt (in a session in Madrid?)
[15:09] <juliank> We do not have oo yet
[15:09] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:09] <juliank> bug 2061214 I should untag, sorry
[15:09] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2061214 in software-properties (Ubuntu Noble) "[SRU] Software Sources is not compatible with deb822" [Critical, Fix Committed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2061214
[15:09] <juliank> (that was the software-properties-qt shenanigan)
[15:10] <juliank> vorlon: I suppose we can delete src:software-properties-qt in oracular now, should be superseded by new binary software-properties-qt from software-properties
[15:10] <vorlon> sure, checking
[15:10] <juliank> bug 2063094 so far we don't have actionable intel on, waiting for it to happen to me or tracking
[15:11] <juliank> ubottu: .
[15:11] <juliank> It dead
[15:11] <juliank> Oh I guess Launchpad is the one that is dead
[15:11] <vorlon> juliank: it's not superseded yet, software-properties 0.99.49 is still in -proposed
[15:11] <juliank> ah
[15:11] <juliank> let's try again
[15:11] <juliank> bug 2063094 so far we don't have actionable intel on, waiting for it to happen to me or tracking
[15:12] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2063094 in unattended-upgrades (Ubuntu) "unattended-upgrades is running forever" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2063094
[15:12] <juliank> (seb is collecting data it happens a lot to him)
[15:12] <juliank> bug 2063128
[15:12] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2063128 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "Upgrade from mantic to noble shows a debconf prompt" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2063128
[15:13] <vorlon> should be fixed in the package popping the prompt, not worked around in u-r-u
[15:13] <vorlon> so decline
[15:13] <juliank> ah so if it is a new prompt we should not ask it on upgrades
[15:14] <juliank> launchpad is not responsive
[15:14] <vorlon> it is for me
[15:14] <vorlon> I've commented the bug and marked the u-r-u task wontfix
[15:15] <juliank> I think I marked it Invalid after that
[15:15] <juliank> But some loads take ages
[15:15] <juliank> Let me set it back
[15:15] <vorlon> oh ok.  also I lied I marked it invalid not wontfix ;)
[15:16] <juliank> heh
[15:16] <juliank> Anyway
[15:16] <juliank> bug 2060326
[15:16] <juliank> See ubottu has trouble too
[15:16] <juliank> bug 2060326
[15:16] <juliank> bug 2060326
[15:16] <juliank> " unattended-upgrades is running forever "
[15:16] <juliank> probably a duplicate of Brian's bug
[15:17] <vorlon> NOW launchpad is unresponsive for me
[15:17] <juliank> oh sorry it says " unnattended upgrades stuck burning 100% cpu "
[15:17] <vorlon> we should take it
[15:18] <vorlon> and if we figure out it's a dupe, ok
[15:18] <juliank> I just mark it as a dupe, it quite clearly is one and we can dedup later
[15:18] <juliank> but we need to get needs information
[15:18] <vorlon> ok
[15:20] <juliank> mm has nothing new, just the desktop bugs
[15:20] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-jj-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[15:20] <juliank> bug 2058743
[15:20] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2058743 in systemd (Ubuntu) "systemd local DNS tests failing with timeout" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2058743
[15:20] <xypron> unattended-upgrades is really taking long time on embedded boards.
[15:20] <juliank> taking a long time != not finishing
[15:21] <xypron> hours
[15:21] <juliank> and we can relatively trivially make it a lot faster fwiw
[15:21] <xypron> I just dropped it for cron-apt running when I sleep.
[15:21] <juliank> We just don't use action groups right now, but neither do we use the new inhibit action group feature
[15:22] <juliank> i.e. a lot of time is spent after each mark_install() call for each upgradable package to figure out which packages are now autoremovable
[15:23] <juliank> The new API I need to expose then we can use it
[15:23] <juliank> or we just keep a continuous action group when we open the cache, though it might not be enough
[15:23] <juliank> (it has its own internal one?)
[15:23] <juliank> Anyway
[15:23] <juliank> systemd loocal dns tests failing
[15:23] <juliank> slyon was talking to smb on the bug
[15:24] <juliank> but nothing new there
[15:24] <juliank> And ff is empty so I suppose that wraps up bugs
[15:24] <juliank> I'll try to have a look at unattended-upgrades upstream status, the whole thing is weirdly still maintained by mvo
[15:25] <juliank> he released a 2.10 but it ftbfs
[15:25] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[15:25] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[15:25] <juliank> vorlon: do migration or skip?
[15:26] <vorlon> we can do it
[15:26] <juliank> We can do grey items
[15:26] <juliank> :)
[15:26] <vorlon> oracular is open
[15:26] <vorlon> nah that's generally not a good use of time
[15:27] <juliank> well then fwupd-signed should be removed; nullboot I need to talk to gjolly if we can ship that for oracular now
[15:27] <vorlon> "should be removed" why?
[15:27] <juliank> and software-properties I guess needs retries
[15:27] <vorlon> (can do, just want to know the reason)
[15:27] <juliank> vorlon: it was a wrongly uploaded rebuild of mine
[15:27] <vorlon> ok
[15:27] <vorlon> done
[15:28] <vorlon> ok so probably nothing to actually assign out here
[15:28] <juliank> vorlon: So software-properties needs to be force-skiptested because it fails with software-properties-qt
[15:28] <vorlon> yeah, will hint
[15:28] <vorlon> done
[15:28] <juliank> thanks
[15:28] <juliank> #topic AOB
[15:28] <juliank> That leaves any otter business
[15:29] <juliank> ð¦¦
[15:29] <Skia> wow, I had never seen an otter in my terminal yet
[15:33] <juliank> mkukri: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/grub2-unsigned/+bug/2057679 still needs verification
[15:33] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Launchpad bug 2057679 in grub2-unsigned (Ubuntu Mantic) "systemd-stub fails to boot when loaded via peimage" [Undecided, Fix Committed]
[15:34] <juliank> #endmeeting
[15:34] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 15:34:34 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-05-02-15.01.moin.txt
[15:36] <mkukri> juliank: i think i have done that, just forgot to update both pages, but this was long enough ago that i wouldnt go 100% on that, so will repeat it then tag
=== nicoz_ is now known as nicoz
