=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[13:07] <nuccitheboss> Testing
[13:07] <nuccitheboss> Alright we gucci
[13:08] <nuccitheboss> Could say "almost as gucci as a nucci"
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
[16:01] <pushkarnk> o/
[16:01] <ginggs> o/
[16:01] <upils> o/
[16:01] <adrien> \o
[16:01] <mateus-morais> o/
[16:01] <ravikant_> o/
[16:01] <slyon> o/
[16:01] <mclemenceau> o/
[16:02] <enr0n> o/
[16:02] <cpete> o/
[16:02] <juliank> o/
[16:03] <juliank> #startmeeting Weekly Ubuntu Foundations team
[16:03] <meetingology> Meeting started at 16:03:07 UTC.  The chair is juliank.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[16:03] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[16:03] <juliank> #topic Lightning rounds
[16:03] <juliank> #link https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/foundations-team-updates-thursday-1-february-2024/
[16:03] <zhsj> o/
[16:03] <mkukri> o/
[16:03] <bdmurray> upils: What is this about the ubuntu-image github runners?
[16:04] <xypron> \o
[16:04] <liushuyu> o/
[16:05] <upils> I added some labels on it to make sure my jobs runs on them and not the shared runners. And I need to find who is managing them to understand how they are setup to compare with shared ones (because spread is missing on the shared ones)
[16:05] <Skia> o/
[16:05]  * vorlon waves
[16:06] <upils> and shared ones are used if the repo ones are already working, so sometimes, the job end up on a shared ones, missing spread
[16:06] <upils> But it looks like sergio from the snap team can help, I just need to poke him
[16:10] <schopin> bdmurray: are we still good for a glibc upload tomorrow, with all the autopkgtest db woes?
[16:11] <bdmurray> schopin: Yes, AIUI britney is checking swift directly for results now while the database is getting the spa treatment.
[16:12] <bdmurray> sil2100: correct?
[16:12] <vorlon> did that get fixed?
[16:12] <sil2100> Yes
[16:12] <vorlon> awesome
[16:12] <vorlon> \o/
[16:13] <juliank> #topic Release incoming bugs
[16:13] <juliank> #link http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/reports/rls-mgr/rls-nn-incoming-bug-tasks.html#foundations-bugs
[16:13] <juliank> bug 2050884
[16:13] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2050884 in ubuntu-report (Ubuntu) "Ubuntu Metrics server is not accepting reports" [High, Triaged] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2050884
[16:15] <juliank> bdmurray: is this for us or someone else I'm not sure?
[16:15] <juliank> who owns the server?
[16:15] <bdmurray> That's the desktop team
[16:15] <vorlon> Desktop Team I believe
[16:15] <juliank> we seerm to own the client though
[16:16] <juliank> no
[16:16] <juliank> oh
[16:16] <juliank> Sorry I am in the wrong list
[16:16] <juliank> bug 2051512
[16:16] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2051512 in apport (Ubuntu) "apport ftbfs with Python 3.12 as the default" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2051512
[16:17] <juliank> I mean we gotta take this and the next two as well
[16:17] <juliank> which are
[16:17] <juliank> bug 2051589
[16:17] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2051589 in ubiquity (Ubuntu) "ubiquity fails it's autopkg tests with Python 3.12" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2051589
[16:17] <juliank> bug 2051590
[16:17] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2051590 in ubuntu-release-upgrader (Ubuntu) "ubuntu-release-upgader fails autopkg tests with Python 3.12" [High, Confirmed] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2051590
[16:17] <juliank> Should fix all of them
[16:18] <juliank> I'll take ubuntu-release-upgrader as I need to fix it for deb822 python-apt ubuntu.sources support anyhow
[16:18] <juliank> I'll tag all of them
[16:18] <juliank> When do we move ubiquity to universe?
[16:18] <vorlon> when oem-config is split out of the source
[16:19] <vorlon> because we can't rely on the Ubuntu Desktop team's new first boot wizard meeting the needs of the raspi images in time for noble
[16:19] <vorlon> (I have said this needs doing but I don't know that it has been picked up into the backlog yet)
[16:20] <juliank> ok
[16:20] <juliank> bug 2051674
[16:20] -ubottu:#ubuntu-meeting- Bug 2051674 in dhcpcd (Ubuntu) "Remove debian test Depends: usrmerge" [Undecided, New] https://launchpad.net/bugs/2051674
[16:20] <vorlon> take it
[16:20] <vorlon> you don't get usrmerge back :)
[16:20] <bdmurray> Is moving ubiquity to universe a priority such that that the team should do what vorlon says?
[16:21] <vorlon> yes
[16:21] <vorlon> flavors that are staying on ubiquity should have direct commit/upload control without being gated by Core Dev or Foundations
[16:21] <vorlon> and we should do the work for the one-time split, instead of the ongoing work of having to sponsor uploads :)
[16:22] <juliank> OK nothing else for noble or mantic, jammy, focal
[16:22] <juliank> #topic Team proposed-migration report
[16:22] <juliank> #link https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses_by_team.html#foundations-bugs
[16:22] <juliank> vorlon: It's starting to look _a lot_ better
[16:22] <vorlon> hurray
[16:22] <vorlon> yes it doesn't crash chromium anymore for me
[16:26] <vorlon> juliank: oh you wanted me to actually assign stuff from there, sorry
[16:26] <vorlon> (was still reading status!)
[16:27] <juliank> oh
[16:27] <juliank> yes
[16:27] <vorlon> so
[16:27] <vorlon> if autopkgtest results are coming in again I guess it's useful to assign
[16:27]  * juliank does the classic handover banter when news goes to the weather report
[16:28] <juliank> vorlon: Well tomorrow is glibc upload
[16:28] <vorlon> adrien: the card for libxcrypt vs ruby3.1 is marked done but it shows as still blocked?
[16:28] <vorlon> by autopkgtest
[16:28] <juliank> But yes glibc is huge :)
[16:29] <vorlon> uh hang on update_excuses shows libxcrypt blocked by a lot more stuff than what's listed on the by-team report
[16:29] <vorlon> um just punt on this
[16:29] <vorlon> because I can't trust the report
[16:29] <vorlon> sorry
[16:29] <vorlon> oh wait
[16:29] <vorlon> I should also refresh update_excuses in my browser when comparing
[16:29] <adrien> vorlon: it's done, I'll update the card
[16:29] <juliank> :)
[16:30] <adrien> or at least look at why it shows up
[16:30] <vorlon> adrien: my point is the card already says it's done and there's still a failing autopkgtest on armhf
[16:30] <vorlon> (from today)
[16:30] <juliank> adrien: these all failed https://autopkgtest.ubuntu.com/packages/r/ruby3.1/noble/armhf
[16:30] <vorlon> ok so libxcrypt still with adrien
[16:30] <schopin> poor adrien cannot escape armhf
[16:30] <vorlon> libdbi-perl vs mariadb: cpete please
[16:30] <cpete> ack
[16:31] <adrien> juliank: not updated yet (armhf tests are still running)
[16:31] <vorlon> libfilesys-df-perl vs sbuild: I'll take this because I already have the horrible commandline here to set the almost-complete set of extra triggers
[16:31] <adrien> vorlon: ah, ok, it's just a matter of waiting for tests
[16:31] <vorlon> adrien: ok
[16:31] <adrien> they're still queued; I could only requeue them effectively yesterday late evening I think
[16:31] <vorlon> libxml-libxml-perl vs libimage-info-perl: dbungert please
[16:31] <dbungert> ack
[16:31] <adrien> (it was the fourth try)
[16:32] <vorlon> libcpanel-json-xs-perl vs libmonitoring-livestatus-perl: this one I also have in my shell history so will take
[16:32] <vorlon> llvm-toolchain-14 vs ppyaml: danilogondolfo please
[16:32] <danilogondolfo> vorlon, ack
[16:32] <vorlon> sorry, that's actually pyyaml in general
[16:33] <vorlon> (llvm-toolchain-14 has 4 packages w/ failing autopkgtests to sort)
[16:33] <vorlon> python-apt: juliank resolved the ftbfs from last week, now it's blocked on u-r-u autopkgtests. juliank do you want this again this week?
[16:33] <vorlon> or do you want someone else to look at u-r-u
[16:34] <vorlon> openssl i386 autopkgtest regression blocking perl, sounds like a me (generally, archive admin) thing to sort out; I'll take
[16:34] <vorlon> click autopkgtest blocking perl: waveform please
[16:34] <waveform> ack
[16:34] <vorlon> sbuild/s390x blocking perl: dviererbe please
[16:34] <ginggs> those click/unknown ones i can take
[16:35] <dviererbe> ack
[16:35] <ginggs> i can take all the perl */unknown
[16:35] <vorlon> oh ok
[16:35] <vorlon> waveform: dviererbe: ^^ I'll find others for you
[16:35] <ginggs> so click, sbuild, etc
[16:35] <juliank> vorlon: I'm doing u-r-u that's why I also took the bug
[16:35] <vorlon> waveform: psmisc vs systemd
[16:35] <waveform> okay
[16:35] <vorlon> juliank: ok
[16:35] <vorlon> dviererbe: gsasl vs libidn
[16:35] <dviererbe> ack
[16:35] <vorlon> Skia: pycountry vs iso-codes
[16:36] <vorlon> ginggs has the ones above so not giving him another immediately
[16:36] <vorlon> sbuild vs qemu: xypron
[16:36] <Skia> vorlon: ack
[16:36] <xypron> ok
[16:36] <vorlon> llvm-toolchain-14 on arm64 also blocks ncurses, so danilogondolfo please take this also
[16:37] <danilogondolfo> vorlon, ack
[16:37] <vorlon> lxml: slyon:
[16:37] <slyon> ok
[16:37] <vorlon> the rest of ncurses: mkukri
[16:37] <vorlon> libdrm: mateus-morais:
[16:37] <mateus-morais> ack
[16:37] <mkukri> vorlon: ack
[16:38] <vorlon> that takes us to python3-defaults; ginggs is there anything to say on this generally before I dole out tasks?
[16:38] <ginggs> err
[16:38] <juliank> I think some we already took as bugs
[16:38] <ginggs> backdoor-factory i'm testing a patch
[16:38] <juliank> (apport, ubiquity, u-r-u)
[16:39] <ginggs> datalad-next i triggered retries recently
[16:39] <vorlon> automake-1.16 blocking python: enr0n
[16:39] <ginggs> the rest are up for grabs
[16:39] <enr0n> vorlon: ack
[16:40] <vorlon> llvm-toolchain-15 *also* on arm64 blocking python: danilogondolfo please take this also (and if it's unrelated and too much work, let me know and we'll reassign it out)
[16:40] <vorlon> pexpect blocking python: upils
[16:40] <danilogondolfo> ack
[16:40] <upils> ack
[16:40] <vorlon> anorack vs python: pushkarnk
[16:40] <pushkarnk> ack
[16:41] <vorlon> ansible-core and ansible vs python: schopin
[16:41] <schopin> ack
[16:41] <vorlon> apprise and ariba vs python: liushuyu
[16:41] <vorlon> aubio and bdebstrap vs python: vpa1977
[16:41] <vorlon> binwalk and bookletimposer vs python: mwhudson
[16:41] <vorlon> booth and circlator vs python: zhsj
[16:42] <vorlon> cmdtest and comitup vs python: doko
[16:42] <vorlon> have I missed anyone else who's not here and I should assign some to?
[16:42] <zhsj> ack
[16:42] <vorlon> oh let's see
[16:43] <vorlon> commonmark-bkrs and crmsh vs python: bdmurray
[16:43] <ravikant_> I'll take one
[16:43] <vorlon> csound and diffoscope vs python: sil2100
[16:43] <vorlon> dipy and django-rich vs python: ravikant_
[16:43] <ravikant_> ack
[16:43] <liushuyu> ack
[16:43] <vorlon> we'll stop there
[16:43] <vorlon> juliank:
[16:45] <adrien> I don't have one but I'll be at fosdem and will take a swap day but if things go well (which seems likely right now), I'll take on some migrations next week
[16:45] <juliank> I seem to have broken IRC push notifications sorry
[16:45] <juliank> #topic AOB
[16:45] <vorlon> adrien: ack - sorry I was counting libxcrypt for you
[16:46] <adrien> guessed so; I'm assuming everything will be fine now though :P
[16:46] <adrien> AOB: FOSDEM \o/
[16:48] <zhsj> i will be on holiday for two weeks.
[16:50] <vorlon> zhsj: æ­ååè´¢
[16:51] <zhsj> \o/
[16:53] <juliank> I think that wraps this up
[16:53] <juliank> #endmeeting
[16:53] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 16:53:24 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-02-01-16.03.moin.txt
[16:54] <vorlon> thanks!
=== pushkarnk1 is now known as pushkarnk
=== JanC_ is now known as JanC
=== Kilos- is now known as Kilos
[19:52] <tsimonq2> o/
[19:52] <Kilos> o/
[19:52] <Bashing-om> tsimonq2: :D
[19:59] <lucyllewy> hi nuccitheboss
[19:59] <lucyllewy> we'll get underway shortly
[19:59] <ilvipero> o/
[19:59] <Kilos> hi nuccitheboss
[19:59] <nuccitheboss> Hello o/
[20:01] <lucyllewy> !startmeeting Ubuntu Membership Board
[20:01] <Eickmeyer> lucyllewy: Usually # works better. :)
[20:02] <lucyllewy> #startmeeting Ubuntu Membership Board
[20:02] <meetingology> Meeting started at 20:02:26 UTC.  The chair is lucyllewy.  Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/meetingology
[20:02] <meetingology> Available commands: action, commands, idea, info, link, nick
[20:02] <lucyllewy> #chair lucyllewy
[20:02] <meetingology> Current chairs: lucyllewy
[20:03] <lucyllewy> Hello and welcome to the Ubuntu Membership Review Board meeting for 1st February 2024. The wiki page for the Review Boards is available here: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership/Boards
[20:03] <lucyllewy> We will attempt to get through all the applicants that have added themselves to that list, or posted a thread to the Ubuntu Discourse, before today's meeting. If we are unable to make it through the complete list due to time constraints, then at the next meeting we will pick up where we left off.
[20:03] <lucyllewy> The format for the meeting is as follows: We will go through the list of applicants one by one, by date of application (FIFO).
[20:03] <lucyllewy> Each applicant should introduce themselves (1-5 sentences) and provide links to their Ubuntu Wiki page or Ubuntu Discourse thread. After the introduction, the members of the Membership Review Board will review the pages and, if needed, ask the applicant further questions.
[20:03] <lucyllewy> During this time, it is encouraged for other members of the community to show their support for the applicant. Do not be alarmed if the members of the Membership Review Board are quiet during this time; they are reading wiki/launchpad/forum/other pages and deciding how they are going to vote.
[20:03] <lucyllewy> When the board is ready to vote, they will publicly vote in the channel with either +1, 0, or -1 (for membership, abstain, and against membership, respectively). If most of the voting board members vote +1, then the applicant is now an official Ubuntu member! (Feel free congratulate them!)
[20:03] <lucyllewy> Now, with any further ado, let's get started with the first applicant...
[20:03] <lucyllewy> We only have one applicant today, Jason Nucciaarone
[20:04] <nuccitheboss> Hello everyone o/
[20:04] <lucyllewy> @nuccitheboss can you please introduce yourself to the board and share your launchpad and application links
[20:04] <nuccitheboss> Yes yes
[20:04] <nuccitheboss> I'll share the links first and then write my bio
[20:05] <nuccitheboss> Application link: https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/jason-c-nucciarone-membership-application/41501/1
[20:05] <nuccitheboss> Launchpad: https://launchpad.net/~nuccitheboss
[20:05] <nuccitheboss> GitHub: https://github.com/NucciTheBoss
[20:06] <nuccitheboss> HPC community team: https://ubuntu.com/community/governance/teams/hpc
[20:06] <nuccitheboss> Okay - time for intro
[20:10] <nuccitheboss> My name is Jason C. Nucciarone and I am an HPC engineer at Canonical, and a "Not so Ancient Elder" of the Ubuntu HPC community. Outside my primary duties at Canonical, I like to work with all things community. I started the HPC community team with several folks in the Ubuntu community to work on "Charmed HPC," which is a supercomputing stack that we are developing for Ubuntu. I am dedicated to this project because I want
[20:10] <nuccitheboss> to see Ubuntu more represented in the HPC ecosystem and be a viable alternative to the RHELatives. I do all sorts of things HPC, such as working with Simon, Aaron, and Mauro to organise Ubuntu-related conference, and I submit to lots of conference to speak about using Ubuntu for supercomputing
[20:11] <Kilos> ty
[20:12] <lucyllewy> ok. I'll let the board peruse those links and post and questions with the first question, which is mandatory:
[20:12] <lucyllewy> You have signed the Code of Conduct. Do you affirm that you have read and understood the whole document, and do you agree to be bound by the terms for the duration of your membership should it be granted?
[20:12] <nuccitheboss> Yes!
[20:12] <lucyllewy> awesome. thank you for confirming. I'll open the floor to the rest of the board to ask any questions
[20:14] <Bashing-om> None as testimonials speak well :D
[20:14] <Kilos> ditto
[20:15] <lucyllewy> ok. then lets move on to the voting cos I'm happy as well
[20:16] <lucyllewy> #vote Jason Nucciarone's membership application
[20:16] <meetingology> Please vote on: Jason Nucciarone's membership application
[20:16] <meetingology> Public votes can be registered by saying +1, -1 or +0 in channel (for private voting, private message me with 'vote +1|-1|+0 #channelname')
[20:16] <Kilos> +1
[20:16] <meetingology> +1 received from Kilos
[20:16] <lucyllewy> #voters lucyllewy Kilos Bashing-om
[20:16] <meetingology> Current voters: Bashing-om, Kilos, lucyllewy
[20:17] <Bashing-om> +1 All good; significant contributions with accreditied testimonials of contributions.
[20:17] <meetingology> +1 All good; significant contributions with accreditied testimonials of contributions. received from Bashing-om
[20:18] <lucyllewy> +1 Very thorough application and well prepared with lots of great testimonials. you'd make an excellent member.
[20:18] <meetingology> +1 Very thorough application and well prepared with lots of great testimonials. you'd make an excellent member. received from lucyllewy
[20:18] <lucyllewy> Wildman votes +1 via proxy
[20:19] <lucyllewy> Mattia Rizzolo Votes +1 via proxy
[20:19] <lucyllewy> #endvote
[20:19] <meetingology> Voting ended on: Jason Nucciarone's membership application
[20:19] <meetingology> Votes for: 3, Votes against: 0, Abstentions: 0
[20:19] <meetingology> Motion carried
[20:19] <tsimonq2> CONGRATULATIONS!
[20:19] <nuccitheboss> <3
[20:19] <aaronprisk> Congrats, Nucci!! :)
[20:19] <Eickmeyer> ð¥³
[20:19] <ilvipero> wohooo
[20:19] <Kilos> Well done nuccitheboss Keep up the good work
[20:20] <nuccitheboss> I have goosebumps now I'm so happy lol
[20:20] <Kilos> You earned it
[20:20] <ilvipero> I am really happy to see Nucci as an Ubuntu Member! he is one of the most orange humans on this planet
[20:20] <Bashing-om> nuccitheboss:\o/ well done !
[20:20] <lucyllewy> Congratulations on your membership, nuccitheboss
[20:21] <lucyllewy> with that and no more applicants I'll wrap up.
[20:21] <lucyllewy> Congratulations to all the new members. Don't forget to check the perks at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Membership#The_Perks and once you've been added to the members group remember to apply for your certificate at https://forms.canonical.com/certificate/ (1/2)
[20:21] <lucyllewy> Your @ubuntu.com email address will go live within 48 hours. Do NOT set it as your primary launchpad.net email address because that will cause emails to loop forever and you'll never receive them! (2/2)
[20:21] <lucyllewy> #endmeeting
[20:21] <meetingology> Meeting ended at 20:21:36 UTC.  Minutes at https://ubottu.com/meetingology/logs/ubuntu-meeting/2024/ubuntu-meeting.2024-02-01-20.02.moin.txt
[20:21] <Kilos> thank you lucyllewy
[20:22] <nuccitheboss> Thank you!
[20:22] <rs2009> bit late, congrats nuccitheboss!! :D
[20:24] <tillkamppeter> Also my congratulations @nuccitheboss !!
[20:24] <nuccitheboss> Thank you Till!
[20:24] <nuccitheboss> Thank you Rudra!
